May wealth come generously to you. 		祝你财源广进。 
Love is making you go bananas. 		恋爱把你变得疯疯癫癫的。 
Stop being a chicken and try the rollercoaster ride! 		别那么胆小，来玩过山车啊！ 
Once I've done that, it's a piece of cake. 		一旦我做到了这一点，接下来的事情就是小菜一碟。 
I find that your Adam's apple isn't apparent. 		我发现你的喉结不明显。
John is such an apple-polisher. 		约翰是个马屁精。 
His daughter is the apple of his eye. 		女儿是他的掌上明珠。
Today is a red letter day for us. 		今天对我们来说是个值得庆祝的喜庆日子。 
I'm a laundry virgin. 		我从没洗过衣服。 
Some people say we live in a dog-eat-dog world.		有人说，我们生活在一个竞争激烈的世界里。
Beware of the scalpers! You may get a fake ticket.		小心票贩子！你可能会买到假票。
I only got a ticket for standing room for a temporary train. 		我只买到了一张临时列车的站票。 
Would you like to pig out with us tonight? 		今晚想不想跟我们一起去胡吃海喝一顿？ 
Man, he's as slow as Christmas! 		天啊，他开车真是有够慢的！
Girls always eat like a bird in order to keep a slender figure.		女孩子们吃的很少，为的是保持苗条的身材。
I see red whenever I hear that man's name.		我一听到那个人的名字心里便火冒三丈。
People offer sacrifices to the Kitchen God on this day. 		今天大家会“祭灶”。 
Why is he tailgating us? 		他干嘛一直贴在我们屁股后面？ 
Housewives are busy doing Spring Festival shopping. 		主妇们忙着置办年货。 
Sit tight. I'm gonna floor it! 		坐好，我要开始飙车了！ 
Would you prefer white or red？ 		你喜欢喝白葡萄酒还是红葡萄酒？ 
The display of fireworks on New Year's Eve is a fine spectacle. 		除夕夜的烟火是道美妙的奇观。 
I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year. 		谨祝新年快乐幸福，大吉大利。 
Since leaving prison,he's managed to keep his nose clean. 		自从出狱以来，他已做到规规矩矩。 
I've got a job in the bag. 		我已经十拿九稳地找到一份工作了。 
I really feel in the pink after a long holiday. 		长假过后，我的确感到身体舒适。 
If you are very hungry, you can eat like a horse. 		如果你非常饿，就狼吞虎咽的吃吧！ 
He does not do any honest work and live off others. 		他不务正业，专吃白食。 
At first I trusted him, but soon I found he's a bad egg. 		起初我信任他，但不久就发现他是个道德败坏的人。 
Be careful of what you fish for. 		对你调查的东西要小心哦。 
My bank account is in the red. 		我的银行存款已出现赤字。 
Cinderella did not google prince charming.		灰姑娘是不会调查她的白马王子的。
It is the time to witness the miracle.		接下来，就是见证奇迹的时刻。
Mr.Zhang made an apology for his son's taking drugs.		张先生为他儿子吸毒道歉。
Lichun traditionally signifies the beginning of spring in East Asian cultures.		在东方传统文化中，立春是春天的开始。
Time flies!Live in the present,and all the things are of no consequence just like floating clouds.		人生如白驹过隙，活在当下，其他神马都是浮云……
As a Chinese saying goes, "Celebrate the Lantern Festival".		中国有句俗话:“正月十五闹元宵”。
We were guided by our intuition; you swept me off my feet.		我们跟着感觉走，你让我着迷得飞上了天。
Our love and respect has endured and grown.		我们的爱和尊敬经历了时间的考验而且与日俱增。
We now know many of life's joys, sufferings, secrets and wonders and we're still here together.		我们现在了解了很多生活的欢乐、痛苦、秘密和奇迹，我们依然在一起。
You are the one for me.		你是我的梦中情人。
Love is some kind of encounter, unable to be waited for or prepared for.		爱是一种遇见，不能等待，也不能准备。
I love you not for whom you are,but who i am when I'm by your side.		我爱你并不是因为你是谁，而是因为我在你身边的时候我是谁。
I fell in love with you the moment I saw you.		见到你的那一瞬间，我就爱上你了。
May you have a wonderful Valentine's day!		愿你有个美好的情人节！
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, it is our choices. 		决定我们成为什么样人的，不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
There can be miracles when you believe.		当你充满信心，奇迹就会出现。
He dreams of living in a decent life.		他梦想着过体面的生活。
You almost pulled it off.		你差点就得手了。
A glamorous life is quite different to a life of luxury.		人生的精彩，与奢华无关。
The world has changed,and we must change with it.		世界已今非昔比，我们也要与时俱进。
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?		你想卖一辈子糖水，还是与我一同改变世界？
She's pretty stacked.		她的身材婀娜多姿。
Jeremy Lin is the first American player in the NBA of Chinese descent.		林书豪是NBA史上第一名具有中国血统的美籍球员。
Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.		别因为一次失败，就放弃你原先所要达到的目的。
You are the apple of my eye.		你是我的掌上明珠。
You have to believe in yourself.That's the secret of success.		你必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。
No measure of time with you will be long enough.		和你在一起，天长地久都不够。
The winners for the 84th Academy Awards were announced.		第84届奥斯卡金像奖得主已经揭晓。
The leap year comes around quadrennially.		闰年每四年一次。
Learn real English in context!		遨游真实语境，学习地道英语！
Apple plans to unveil a new iPad early this month.		苹果公司计划在本月揭开新iPad的神秘面纱。
Don't boil the ocean.		不要好高骛远。
She's so honey-lipped.		她嘴特别甜。
The rose‘s in her hand, the flavor in mine.		赠人玫瑰，手有余香。
There is a tide in the affairs of men.		人生总有涨潮时。
Everyday life inspires me.		生活每天都在激励我。
Every time I see you，you look more beautiful.		三八节的问候：每次见到你，你都更漂亮了。
From now on, you're under my protection.		从现在开始，我罩着你。
Technology is at its very best when it’s invisible. 		最棒的科技都是无形的。
She has a taste in fashion.		她眼光很独到。
The Arbor Day originated in the United States.		植树节起源于美国。
Believe in yourself when no one else does.		即使没人相信你也不能绝望。
Let us fall in love with each other in the spring.		春天，让我们恋爱吧！
The bag is a cheap knockoff.		这包是个山寨货。
I'm not some kind of nerd, I'm the king of nerds.		我不是什么宅男，我可是宅男之王。
You are such a couch potato on weekends.		你一到周末就变宅男。
Actions speak louder than words.		事实胜于雄辩。
Seize the opportunity when it comes up. 		当机会来临时要好好把握。
He always plays second banana in the basketball matches.		篮球比赛时他总是板凳球员。
She has a lot on the ball.		她是一个能干的人。
I love you once.I love you twice.I love you more than beans and rice.		一见倾心，再见倾情，我爱你此生不渝。
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.		每个女孩都该做到两点：有品位并光芒四射。
Music is my painkiller.		音乐就是我的止痛药。
A smile is the most inviting of all gestures.		微笑是所有姿态中，最诱人的一种。
He's a man of his word.		他是个靠谱的人。
She's a rough diamond.		她是个内秀的人。
Now millions of players are raving about DrawSomething.		如今数百万玩家痴迷于DrawSomething这款游戏。
Be the change you want to see in the world.		欲变世界，先变自身。
Life is about learning to dance in the rain.		人生是要学会在雨中舞蹈。
Earth Hour calls on people to turn off their non-essential lights for one hour.		“地球一小时”活动号召人们熄灯1小时。 
Have you fallen into the trap on April Fool's day?		愚人节你上当了吗？
Good fortune favors the brave and courageous.		好运总是眷顾那些勇敢的人。
She had a bright and bubbly personality.		她性格活泼开朗。
The Qingming Festival is an opportunity to remember and honour our deceased ancestors.		清明节是缅怀和祭奠祖先的日子。
If you are passionate about something, pursue it.		如果你想要，就勇敢去追逐！
Speak of the devil.		说曹操曹操到。
She's a good-time charlie.		她是个乐天派。
You're still wet behind the ears.		你还嫩点儿。
Tom is the black sheep of his family.		汤姆是个败家子。
To make each day count.		要让每一天都有所值。
I'm the king of the world!		我是世界之王！
God is shining on you.		你真走运。
She's really a shopaholic.		她真是个购物狂。
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.		要抓住男人的心，先抓住男人的胃。
I couldn't get through to you.		我打不通你电话。
Dreams can come true!		梦想是可以成真的!
I wasn't born yesterday.		我又不是三岁小孩。
Destiny takes a hand.		缘分天注定。
You were the lightest thing that ever came into my life.		你曾是我生命中最耀眼的光芒。
You are gorgeous!		你真漂亮！
Don't teach fish to swim.		谚语：不要班门弄斧。
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.		值得去的地方没有捷径。 
Opportunity knocks but once.		机不可失，时不再来。
Get out of my face.		离我远点！
Grow old along with me.The best is yet to be.		执子之手，与子偕老。
Your number was up the first time I met you. 		第一次遇见我，你就劫数难逃了。
Life is not fair, get used to it.		生活是不公平的，去适应它！比尔·盖茨
Blind love mistakes a harelip for a dimple.		情人眼里出西施。
Let's go on a shopping spree.		我们疯狂购物去吧！
You are the sunshine that makes my day.		你就是让我快乐的阳光。
Labor vanquishes all.		劳动征服一切。
The best things in life aren't things.		生活中最美好的事情是无形的。
I want to see john.		我想去厕所。
Youth comes but once in a lifetime.		人生不过一次少年。
Every cloud has a silver lining.		守得云开见月明。
Never too late for a fresh start.		重新开始从不太迟。
Strive to make every day joyful and meaningful.		努力让每一天都开心有意义！
Never give up your dreams.Miracles happen everyday.		别放弃梦想，奇迹每天都在上演。
Hang in there,everything will be fine.		坚持住，一切都会好起来的！
Failure shows you have reasons to start again.		失败表明你有理由重新开始。
Being silent is the perfect way to show contempt.		沉默是表示轻蔑的最好方式。
Heal the world，make it a better place.		拯救这世界，让它成为更美好的家园。
Mama,thank you for who I am.		妈妈，谢谢你成就了我。
Dreams are necessary to life.		梦想是生活的必需品。
All shall be well, Jack shall have Jill.		有情人终成眷属。
Life is short and time is swift.		人生短暂，时光飞逝。
Life was suddenly full of possibilities, not to mention a few unexpected surprises.		生命突然充满了无限可能，更有一些意外惊喜。
Victory belongs to the most persevering.		坚持到底就是胜利！
Great minds think alike.		英雄所见略同。
My love for you will never die.		我对你的爱，爱，爱不完…
Those who can't lose will never win either.		输不起的人，往往也赢不了。
Keep your shirt on.		要淡定！
Even without the sun, sunflower can still smile.		没有太阳，向日葵依然可以微笑。 
You make your own luck.		命运由你自己把握。
Think big goals and win big success.		目标远大则成就伟大。
All things are obedient to money.		有钱能使鬼推磨。 
Get busy living or get busy dying.		要么好好活着，要么赶紧去死。
NO victory comes out without price.		没有人能随随便便成功。
Life isn't always a bowl of cherries.		生活并不总是美好的。
Each moment of your life is a picture.		生命中的每一刻都是一幅画。
Smoking is harmful to your health.		吸烟有害健康！
Be innocent just like a Child.		保持一颗童心。
They are really childhood sweethearts.		他们真是青梅竹马。
God helps those who help themselves.		自助者，天助。
Always be a first-rate version of yourself.		做最好的自己！
She is an ace dancer.		她是个王牌舞蹈演员。
An eye finds more truth than two ears.		百闻不如一见。
I feel strongly that I can make it.		我坚信，我会成功。
All things in their being are good for something.		天生我才必有用。
More haste, less speed.		欲速则不达。
The devil is always in the details.		细节决定成败。
It's written.		命中注定。
She really takes a shine to you.		她真喜欢上你了哦。
Any time spent being unhappy is wasted.		任何不快乐的时光都是浪费。
It's you and your scent like a drug to me.		你和你的味道，让我如此着迷。
Goals determine what you're going to be.		奋斗目标决定你将成为怎样的人。
The good seaman is known in bad weather.		惊涛骇浪，方显英雄本色。
Dad,one day,I'll make you proud of me.		爸爸，总有一天，我会成为你的骄傲！
Gentlemen seek harmony but not uniformity.		君子和而不同。
You have the ball at your feet.		我看好你哦！
Smile while you still have teeth.		趁年轻还有一口好牙，多笑笑吧！
There are no accidents. 		存在即合理。
The darkest hour is that before the dawn.		黎明前是最黑暗的。
I wish you a happy Dragon Boat Festival!		端午节快乐！
I am pretty useless at everything except music.		我除了音乐一无所能。
One today is worth two tomorrows.		今日之时最珍贵，明日之时不可待。
I don't want the dead-end job.		我不想做没有前途的工作。
You'll always have next year.		将来机会多得是。
This cell phone sure is hot stuff.		这款手机真够棒的!
Chance favors the prepared mind.		机会是为有准备的人准备的。
Curiosity killed the cat.		好奇会惹祸。
Hi,July, please go easy on me! 		你好，七月！希望这个月好过点！
Miracles happen to those who believe in them.		相信奇迹的人，才能创造奇迹。
Nothing really matters except to live or die.		世上除了生死，其他都是小事。
Independence Day is one of America's principal legal holidays.		独立日是美国主要法定节日之一。
I don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore.		我再也离不开你了。 
What I'm doing right now, I'm chasing perfection.		我现在所做的，是为了追求更加完美。
Birds of a feather flock together.		物以类聚，人以群分。
All life is a game of luck.		生活本来就全靠运气。
Dreams are made possible if you try.		只要努力，梦想就会实现。
We have good chemistry.		我们一见如故。
I am behind you.		我挺你！
You don't think that crosses a line?		你不觉得太过分了吗？
I can accept failure,but I can't accept not trying.		我可以接受失败，但我不能接受从不去尝试。
That's as easy as pie.		这事易如反掌。
You got a dream.You gotta protect it.		如果你有梦想的话，就要去捍卫它。
Have the faith for a better tomorrow.		要相信明天会更好！
How thick could you get?		你能再“二”一点吗？
I will love you till the end of time. 		我会爱你到海枯石烂。
We need to take some precautions.		我们要提前做好准备。
One who frequently looks back can't go far.		频频回头的人，是走不了远路的。
Yesterday's sun can't dry today's clothes.		好汉不提当年勇。
Sometimes affection is a shy flower that takes time to blossom.		有时爱情是朵含蓄的花，需要时间才能怒放。
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast!		早餐决定一天的幸福指数！
I'm at a loss for words. 		我很无语。
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.		有时候，你必须做自己的英雄。
Love makes man grow up or sink down.		爱情，要么让人成熟，要么让人堕落。
The opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games is coming.		2012奥运会开幕式即将开始。
Keep trying!Don't give up the ship.		继续努力! 别放弃!
He who laughs last,laughs best. 		谁笑到最后，谁就笑得最好。
Nothing stands in my way.		没有什么能够阻挡我！
You're the boss.		听你的！
Inspire a generation.		激励一代人。
This wasn't how it was supposed to happen.		事情本不该是这样。
Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.		天才能赢得比赛，但是团队合作才能取得冠军。
A young idler, an old beggar.		少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。
True love conquers all.		真爱无敌！ 
His persistence gained him victory.		他一拼到底，赢得胜利！
Lin Dan won the championship in a stunning turnaround.		林丹惊天逆转夺得冠军。
Always wear your invisible crown.		永远戴着属于你的隐形王冠。
It's worth a shot.		值得一试。
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.		我们要征服的不是高山，而是自己。
Over-thinking ruins you.		想得太多会毁了你。
Time is racing toward us.		时不我待。
Take a sad song and make it better.		找一首哀伤的歌，把它唱得更快乐。
You're in the pink!		你的气色真好！
Take the moment and make it perfect.		抓住当下，让它成为完美时刻。
You're in here because of me. 		你在这里，是因为有我。
To be is to do!		活着就是奋斗！
Look before you leap.		三思而后行。
When we are speaking about love,it's never too late. 		当我们说爱你的时候，永远都不会晚。
Always bring your own sunshine.		时刻带着自己的阳光。
We have nothing in common.		我们没有共同语言。
Happiness is about having each tiny wish come true. 		幸福就是每一个微小愿望的达成。
Catch one's heart,never be apart. 		愿得一人心，白首不相离。
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. 		爱所有人，相信一些人，不负任何人。
Go with the flow.		顺其自然。
Tomorrow is another day.		明天又是全新的一天。
We don't know what we've got until we lose it.		人们总在失去后才懂得珍惜。
It's just a storm in a teacup.		没什么可大惊小怪的。
Do one thing at a time, and do it well.		一次只做一件事，并做到最好！
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.		情人眼里出西施。
You have to be empty in order to be full.		空杯心态，才能容纳更多。
Live to learn, not learn to live.		活着就要学习，学习不是为了活着。
Our attitude defines life.		态度决定命运。
After a hurricane comes a rainbow.		风雨之后总会见彩虹。
I'm cheerful and outgoing.		我乐观开朗。
The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.		享受每时每刻才是生活的真谛。
It's almost here.		它，不日而至！
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards.		我走得很慢，但从不后退。
Opportunity seldom knocks twice.		机不可失，时不再来。
Every man dies,not every man really lives.		每个人都会死，但不是每个人都曾真正的活过。
A teacher affects eternity.		老师的影响力是永恒的。
There will be no forgetting September the 11th.		人们不会忘记9.11这一天。
People tend to confuse bad decisions with bad luck.		没有糟糕的运气，只有糟糕的决定。
What's the big deal?		多大点事啊？！
The Diaoyu Islands are an integral part of Chinese territory.		钓鱼岛是中国的！
Practice makes perfect.		熟能生巧。
What goes around comes around.		出来混迟早要还的。
Whether you fail or fly, at least you tried.		不管是一飞冲天还是跌入谷底，至少，你尝试过！
Nobody gets to write your destiny but you.		除了你自己，没有人能书写你的命运。
Love when you are ready, not when you are lonely.		不要因为寂寞而爱错人。
I have a crush on you.		我对你有一点动心。
My success is based on persistence, not luck.		我的成功基于坚持，而非运气。
It's dogged that does it.		世上无难事，只怕有心人。
Jenny and I was like peas and carrots.		我和珍妮形影不离。
Just hold to your dream and never give up.		坚持你的梦想，永不放弃。
She's got a curvy figure.		她身材很正点。
It's okay to have flaws, which makes you real.		有点缺点没关系，这样才真实。
We all have our places in the world.		天生我才必有用。
However long the night, the dawn will break.		不管黑夜多长，黎明总会到来。
The golden week of National Day is approaching.		十一黄金周要来啦！
The Mid-Autumn Festival means family reunion in China.		中秋节意味着全家团圆。
Highways go toll-free during National Day holidays.		国庆期间高速公路免费通行。
You learn to take life as it comes at you. 		要学会接受生活。
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.		幸福是良好的健康加上糟糕的记性。
I think it's a fat chance.		我觉得希望渺茫。
Can you give me a discount?		能给我打个折吗？
Well done is better than well said.		说得好不如做得好。
No man needs a vacation so much as the man who has just had one.		没有人比一个刚刚度完假的人更需要假期了。
Today is an opportunity to get better.Don't waste it. 		今天是一个让一切变得更好的机会，别浪费。
He's a crackpot. 		他真是朵奇葩。
Love the life you live, live the life you love.		喜欢自己过的生活，过自己喜欢的生活。
You make me happier than I ever thought I could be.		你让我得到超乎想象的幸福……
The Nobel Prize in Literature 2012 was awarded to Mo Yan.		2012年诺贝尔文学奖获得者是莫言。
A lazy youth,a lousy age.		少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。
Sometimes, our hearts don't match our mouths.		有时候，我们会口是心非。
Your future depends on your dreams.		你的梦想决定着你的未来。
Can I get a refill, please? 		我能续杯吗？
Everyone's got a life that no one else knows about.		每个人都有自己的人生，冷暖自知。
Just have a little faith.		要有点信心！
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.		不备而战，不战而败。
Happiness consists in contentment.		知足常乐。
Always do something unexpected.		始终保持创意性。
With enough hard work and dedication, anything is possible.		努力过，付出过，就没什么不可能！
Elders are treasures.		家有一老，如有一宝。
Tears are the words which the heart can't say.		眼泪是心无法诉说的话语。
Life is full of changes.		生活充满了变数。
Dare and the world always yields. 		大胆挑战，世界总会让步。
Penny and penny laid up will be many.		积少成多。
A promise is a promise!		说到就要做到。
Whatever your past has been, you have a spotless future.		无论过去如何，未来总是崭新的。
So what do you think?		元芳，你怎么看？
Trick or treat!		不给糖就捣蛋！
Things have a way of working out when you least expect it.		山重水复疑无路，柳暗花明又一村。
You miss 100% of the shots you never take.		不试，100%没希望。
Penny wise, pound foolish. 		贪小便宜吃大亏。
It's the saddest part of my day, leaving you.		离开你是我一天中最难过的时刻。
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.		让未来的你，感谢今天的你所付出的努力。
Keep a sharp eye.		小心点！
There's a crack in everything.That's how the light gets in.		万物皆有裂痕，那是光照进的地方。
President Barack Obama wins re-election.		奥巴马连任美国总统。
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.		态度是小事，但影响大不同。
Say your love today, the chance may come late.		爱就要勇敢表白，谁知道明天和意外哪个先来。
Life is too short to be anything but happy.		活着就要快乐，因为我们会死很久。
Shit happens,but life goes on!		坑爹的事时有发生，但生活总得继续。
Michelle,I have never loved you more.		米歇尔，我对你的爱无以复加。
When we're together,even the coldest day feels warm.		和相爱的你在一起，即使最寒冷的日子都充满了暖意。
When you long for something sincerely, the whole world will help you.		当你真心渴望某样东西时，整个宇宙都会来帮忙。
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.		有时候爱情能永远，但有时又如此伤人。
Friendship doubles your joys, and divides your sorrows.		朋友的作用，就是让你快乐加倍，痛苦减半。
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes.		美是一种内心的感觉，并反映在你的眼睛里。
Be generous with your compliments.		不要吝惜你的赞美。
Wherever I go, there you are.		无论我去哪里，总有你在。
It is not easy to meet each other in such a big world.		世界这么大，能遇见，不容易。
Be thankful for what you have.You'll end up having more.		拥有一颗感恩的心，最终你会得到更多。
Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance,you must keep moving.		人生就像骑单车，只有不断前进，才能保持平衡。
Self-delusion about one's own attractiveness is a prerequisite to every happy marriage.		自作多情是每一段美好姻缘的必要前提。
Let's do not do anything hasty.		别那么早下定论。
It requires hard work to give off an appearance of effortlessness.		你必须十分努力，才能看起来毫不费力。
My mouth is watering!		我要流口水了!
If your girlfriend is smart, beautiful, and gentle, then please, love her in my place for the time being. 		如果你的女友聪明，漂亮，温柔。那么，麻烦你暂时先替我好好爱着她。
You are helpless against those you love.		你对谁有爱意，你就对谁无能为力。
Don't say you are a procrastinator; really, it's just that the pace of this bloody age is too fast.		别总说自己有拖延症，其实是这个坑爹的时代步伐太快。
If winter comes,can spring be far behind?		冬天来了，春天还会远吗？
All of life is an act of letting go,but what hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.		人生就是不断地放下，但令人痛心的是，没来得及好好与他们道别。
The respectability of youth lies in their courage and great expectations.		年轻人的可敬之处在于勇气和远大前程。
No matter how hard it is, just keep going because you only fail when you give up.		无论多么艰难，都要继续前进，因为只有你放弃的那一刻，你才输了。
Life isn't fair, but no matter your circumstances, you have to give it your all.		生活是不公平的，不管你的境遇如何，你只能全力以赴。
When I can see you my body is with you, and when I can't see you my heart is with you.		看得见你我的身体和你在一起，看不见你我的心和你在一起。
Only dead fish follow the flow.		只有死鱼才随波逐流。
What does youth have that's worth showing off? Have you ever been old?		年轻有什么好炫耀的？你们老过吗？
Only someone supremely selfish won't lose their self in love.		只有超级自私的人才不会为爱迷失自我。
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!		一切皆有可能！“不可能”的意思是：“不，可能。”
Feeling you are different from the masses is the thing you most have in common with the masses.		觉得自己与众不同是你自己与众人最大的共同点。
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.		每天玩苹果的人，拿不到博士学位。
My way or the highway.		不听我的就滚蛋！
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.		今天的好计划胜过明天的完美计划。
Don't make oaths lightly to the moon, for it is always waxing and waning.		不要轻易对月亮起誓，因为它总有阴晴圆缺。
Memory is a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with the past.		回忆是美好的，只要你能让过去的都过去。
You can be happy no matter what.		开心一点吧，管它会怎样。
The key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition.		任何事情成功关键都是熟能生巧。
If you want to get someone angry, you only need do two things: 1)don't finish speaking.		想惹人愤怒的话只需要做到两点：1)不把话说完。
You know that maybe it's time for miracles 'Cos I ain't giving up on love.		你知道也许已是奇迹来临的时刻，因为我不能对爱放弃。
Don't people have the power to fight against life?		人类不是有权利为自己的生命而战斗吗？
Men love beautiful faces, women love sweet words. So women use makeup, and men lie.		男人喜欢漂亮脸蛋，女人喜欢甜言蜜语。所以女人化妆，男人撒谎。
The most frightening assumption in this world is that most people assume you are intelligent.		世间最大最可怕的假设就是多数人将自己假设为聪明人。
Jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way.		叮叮当，叮叮当，铃儿响叮当……
As long as we're happy, that's all that matters.		只要现在是开心的，这就足够了！
When a fuck-up won't fuck up again, it means he's no longer happy.		当一个二货不再犯二时，说明他不开心了。
Travel and see the world; afterwards, you will be able to put your concerns in perspective.		去旅行吧，见的世面多了，你会发现原来在意的那些结根本算不了什么。
A day without laughter is a day wasted.		没有笑声的一天是浪费了的一天。
Don't let dream just be your dream.		别让梦想只停留在梦里。
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.		生命是首美丽的曲子，虽然歌词有些纠结。
Even if you get no applause, you should accept a curtain call gracefully and appreciate your own efforts.		即使没有人为你鼓掌，也要优雅的谢幕，感谢自己的认真付出。
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.		未来属于那些相信梦想之美的人。
Two heads are better than one.		三个臭皮匠顶过一个诸葛亮。
I'd rather be a happy fool than a sad sage.		做个悲伤的智者，不如做个开心的傻子。
Image a new story for your life and start living it.		为你的生命想一个全新剧本，并去倾情出演吧！
I like people who make me laugh in spite of myself.		我喜欢那些让我笑起来的人，就算是我不想笑的时候。
There is no key to happiness.The door is always open.		这世界上没有通往幸福之门的钥匙，因为那个门总是打开的。
Every dog has its day.		每个人都有时来运转的一天。
I am ordinary yet unique.		我很平凡，但我独一无二。
If you love someone,then set him free.		爱一个人，就是让他自由自在的做他自己。
The so-called "life", all depends on who you meet.		所谓人生，便是取决于遇见谁。
I keep silence, doesn't mean I don't know anything.		我沉默，不代表我不知道。
Take advantage of weekends to pretend you're happy for a couple days.		趁周末假装开心两天。
A woman appreciates a man who can make her laugh.		女人最欣赏的是可以让她开心的男人。
The difference in winning and losing is most often...not quitting.		赢与输的差别通常是--不放弃。
If you do not leave me, I will  be by your side until the end.		你若不离不弃，我必生死相依。
Beauty is all around, if you just open your heart to see. 		只要你给自己机会，你会发现你的世界可以很美丽。
I'm fine with her either way,brother.		兄弟，她什么样子我都接受。
Rumor stops at indifference.		谣言止于漠不关心者。
All seeds only come to life once having been buried.		那一切都是种子，只有埋葬，才有生机。
Drunkenness reveals what soberness conceals. 		酒后吐真言。
If you don't build your dream, someone will hire you to build theirs.		如果你没有梦想，那么你只能为别人的梦想打工。
If you are not brave enough, no one will back you up.		你不勇敢，没人替你坚强。
We, the people, still believe that every citizen deserves a basic measure of security and dignity.		我们，美国人，仍然相信，每位公民都应该得到基本的安全和尊严。
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.		别留念昨天了，把握好今天吧。
It's not who you are underneath, it's what you do that defines you.		你真正是谁并不重要，重要的是你的所做所为。
One boy is one boy.Two boys are half a boy.Three boys are no boy at all.		一个和尚挑水喝，两个和尚抬水喝，三个和尚没水喝。
If you were a cactus, I'd endure all the pain just to hug you.		就算你是一个仙人掌，我也愿意忍受所有的疼痛来拥抱你。
If not now, when? If not me, who?		此时此刻，舍我其谁！
That's really really nice.		这真真是极好的。
I know I'm not young, but I still have to say:very looking forward to the next year.		我知道我不年轻了，但是我还是要说，我期待明年再来。
Men don't follow titles, they follow courage.		人们追随的领袖是勇敢者，而不是位高者。
Have you booked your ticket?		你定上火车票了吗？
People cry, not because they're weak. It's because they've been strong for too long.		哭泣，不代表脆弱，只因坚强了太久。 
Friend is who can give you strength at last.		朋友，是在最后可以给你力量的人。
Knowing what you cannot do is far more important than knowing what you are capable of.		知道自己不能做什么远比知道自己能做什么重要。
I have a woman's body and a child's emotions.		我有一个女人的身体和一颗孩子的心。
It's one thing to say something, but quite another to do it.		说是一码事，做是另一码事。
As the Chinese New Year draws near, everyone is busy in shopping for the Spring Festival.		春节临近，大家都在忙着备年货。
There's no place like home.		没有一个地方可以和家相提并论。
Hats off to our diligent readers  on New Year's Eve.		向除夕还在学每日一句的同学致敬！
The Spring Festival marks the beginning of the Chinese Lunar New Year.		春节标志着农历新年的开始。
Lucky money is given to kids as a token of luck and best wishes.		大人们给小孩子压岁钱，预示着能带来好运。
Are you busy visiting and greeting relatives and friends during the Spring Festival?		春节期间，你是不是都忙着拜年呢？
Setting off firecrackers is a very important activity during the Spring Festival.		放鞭炮是春节期间的重要活动。
Every day will be Valentine's Day if you are with the right person.		其实爱对了人，情人节每天都过。
Jiao Zi looks like gold coin, implying a wealthy year ahead.		饺子看起来像金元宝，意味来年丰衣足食。
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.		生活中最大的幸福就是，坚信有人爱着我们。
Strike while the iron is hot.		趁热打铁。
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.		爱情是两个不同身体里住着同一个灵魂。
Happiness is a journey, not a destination.		幸福是一段旅程，而不是终点。
It's not suspicious that I'm fixating. It's consistent with my personality.		我专注一件事没什么奇怪的。我一直就这性格。
The outer world you see is a reflection of your inner self.		你看到什么样的世界，你就拥有什么样的内心。
Sometimes, you can be really thick. 		有时候，你可真够“二”的。
To a crazy ship all winds are contrary.		对于一只漫无目标的船而言，任何方向的风都是逆风。
People usually eat sweet dumplings on the Lantern Festival.		元宵节的传统是吃汤圆。
Have you given any thought to your future?		你有没有为将来打算过呢？
It was a time filled with wonder that I'll always remember.		那是一段充满着奇幻的经历，我会永生铭记。
Come on, be honest.		拜托，诚实点！
If you can't handle me at my worst,then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.		如果你无法忍受我最坏的一面，你也不配拥有我最好的一面。
Never laugh at your wife's choices, you are one of them.		别看不上你老婆挑的东西，你也不过就是其中之一……
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom.		了解别人是聪慧；了解自己才是真正的智慧。
Honesty is the best policy.		做人以诚信为本。
Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day of your life.		让每一天都有机会成为你人生中最美好的一天。
They taught me the meaning of Loyalty that you should never forget anyone you loved.		他们告诉了我忠贞的含义，那就是，永远不要忘记你爱过的人。
A man's maturity: that is to have rediscovered the seriousness he possessed as a child at play.		一个人的成熟，在于做事时能重拾儿时玩耍时的认真劲儿。
Here's hoping, that, someday in the not too distant future, the misfortunes of Fantine will only be found in stories and never more in real life.		我希望，在不久的未来，芳汀这样的悲剧只会出现在故事里，而不是真实世界里。
Lift up your head princess, if not, the crown falls.		我的公主，请抬起你的头，不然皇冠会掉下来的……
The weather is rotten.		天气真糟糕。
I'm who I'm, I have nothing to hide.		我就是我，无须掩藏。
It doesn't matter how you get knocked down in life cause that's gonna happen. All it matters is how you gonna get up.		在生活中你如何被打倒不重要，重要的是你如何站起来。
The Arbor Day is up, let's go planting some trees!		植树节到了，我们去种树吧！
I don't want to overanalyze.		我不愿小题大做。
If wind sees their strong will, let such ordeal cease.		逆风如解意，容易莫摧残。
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.		生命中只有一种幸福：爱与被爱。
They showed a brazen disregard for user's privacy. 		他们明目张胆地无视用户的隐私权。
There is a breath of spring in the gentle breeze.		吹面不寒杨柳风。
You can always be a worse version of "him", or better version of yourself.		你不是要做一个单纯优秀的人，而是要做一个不可替代的人。
Talking the talk is not as good as walking the walk.		喊破嗓子不如甩开膀子。
Can we go thrift shopping?		咱俩去趟二手店呗？
She got cold feet before her wedding.		她逃婚了。
The only way you could meet my crazy was by doing something crazy yourself.		你不做点儿二的事，就无法和我二在一起！
Lights off for Earth  Hour, count me in.		地球日熄灯1小时，算我一个！
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?		你能够像罐头工人一样装罐头吗？
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.		永远没有第二次机会，给人留下第一印象。
Time is a file that wears and makes no noise.		岁月是把杀猪刀。
Even the big shot has to carry his wife's purse.		再牛X的男人也要帮媳妇拎包。
As long as we live in each other's heart, death can't keep us apart.		只要我们住在彼此心里，死亡也不能让我们分离。
You are always on my mind, in my dreams and in my heart.		你存在我深深的脑海里，我的梦里，我的心里……
It's a deal.		一言为定！
From the moment I saw his girlfriend, I thought: I definitely want to be friends with that guy.		自从见到他女朋友的那一刻起，我当下就想：这个朋友交定了。
Just forget me to get rid of the pain, leave the long-past love blown and gone with the wind.		忘了我就没有痛，将往事留在风中。
You can create something more glorious than the championship.		你可以创造比冠军更荣耀的事。
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page.		世界是一本书，不旅行的人只读了其中一页。
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.		你也许已走出我的视线，但从未走出我的思念。
Let's burn incense in the memory of our pure past. 		焚香纪念我们逝去的节操。
The lazier a person is, the more things he needs to do tomorrow.		一个人越懒，明天要做的事越多。
No one is born a genius.Just keep on doing what you like and that itself is a talent.		哪有什么天才！坚持做你喜欢的事情，这本身就是一种天赋。
People pay in advance for a coffee meant for someone who cannot afford a warm beverage.		人们提前买咖啡，让付不起的人享受温暖。
Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.		不要随波逐流，要引领潮流。
The difference between successful persons and others is that they really act.		成功者和其他人最大的区别就是，他们真正动手去做了。
Life is like Angry Birds.There are always several pigs laughing when you lose.		人生就像愤怒的小鸟，当你失败时，总有几头猪在笑！
To remember, to let go, and to move on.		铭记，释怀，然后继续前行！
Don't judge a man until you have walked a mile in his boots.		设身处地去了解别人的情况再评判。
There is nothing permanent except change. 		唯一不变的是变化。
Don't ever underestimate the heart of a champion.		永远不要低估一颗冠军的心。
One day, the beginning of a new career journey will commence. Today is NOT that day.		某天，我终将开始一段全新的职业生涯，但绝不是今天！
Pray for Boston.Pray for the lost souls.		为波士顿祈祷，为逝去的生命祈祷！
The best feeling in the world is when you know your heart is smiling.		世间最美好的感受，就是发现自己的心在笑。
Every life deserves our respect.		每一个生命都应该被尊重。
It's sink or swim.		成败全靠自己！
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.		磨难会让你更强大。
If you are fine,the sun will always shine.		你若安好，便是晴天。
Hold on, it gets better than you know.		挺住，事情会比你想像中要好！
As long as you are still alive, you will definitely encounter the good things in life.		只要活着就一定会遇上好事。
Even the most boring times in life are limited.		生命中再无聊的时光也是限量版。
My dear roommate, thank you for sparing my life.		亲爱的室友，感谢你当年的不杀之恩。
I'd rather die than stay away from you.		宁可死别，绝不生离。
Youth is not a time of life; it is a state of mind.		青春不是一段年华，而是一种心境。
Take time to enjoy the simple things in life. 		慢慢享受生活中的简单。
You'd better bring, cause I'll bring every I've got it.		你最好全神贯注，因为我定会全力以赴！
Dear past, thanks for all the lessons. Dear future, I'm ready.		亲爱的过去，谢谢你给我的所有教训。亲爱的未来，我已经准备好了。
He has big muscles.		他肌肉很发达。
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.		我很相信运气，而我发现我越努力，我的运气越好。
Enjoy your youth.You'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.		好好享受青春，你再也不会有哪个时刻会比此时更年轻了。
The worst part of life is waiting. The best part of life is having someone worth waiting for.		生命中最糟糕的是等待，而最美好的是有值得你等的人。
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on so long in the first place.		每当你想要放弃的时候，就想想是为了什么才一路坚持到现在。
Life and death are determined by fate, rank and riches decreed by Heaven.		生死有命，富贵由天。
Throughout life's complications, you should maintain such a sense of elegance.		不管生活有多不容易，你都要守住自己的那一份优雅。
You are more beautiful than you think.		你，要比你想象的更美丽。
Youth is too short to be anything but crazy.		再不疯狂就老了。
How happy we are to meet friends from afar.		有朋自远方来，不亦乐乎！
"MOTHER",a word that means the world to me.		“妈妈”这个词对我来说意味着整个世界。
Life doesn't just happen to you; you receive everything in your life based on what you've given.		一切发生在你身上的都不是碰巧。你获得什么，在于你付出了什么。
I love it when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke.		我喜欢那种笑得比笑话本身还有趣的人。
Life comes with many challenges.The ones that should not scare us are the ones we can take on and take control of.		生活充满了挑战，唯有勇敢面对并自我掌控，我们才能克服恐惧。
Don't hide. Run! You'll make it to tomorrow.		别躲避，奔跑吧，你就会找到明天。
Sorry seems to be the hardest word.		难以开口说抱歉。
Nothing will ever completely replace playing the game I love, however I feel like I'm starting a new adventure.		任何事情都不能取代我对比赛的热爱，然而现在我将开始一个新的冒险。
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.		宁愿失败地做你爱做的事情，也不要成功地做你恨做的事情。
I love you more and more each day as time goes by.		时光流逝，我对你的爱与日俱增。
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different. 		要做到不可替代，就要与众不同。
Nobody's ever loved anybody as much as I love you.		我对你的爱无人能及。
It's easy once you know how.		一旦你明白，就会很简单。
Never frown,because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.		别愁眉不展，因为你不知道谁会爱上你的笑容。
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.		爱就像风一样，看不到，却能感觉到！
A person's character isn't determined by how he or she enjoys victory, but rather how he or she endures defeat.		一个人的品行不取决于这人如何享受胜利，而在于他如何接受失败。
Dream is what makes you happy, even when you are just trying.		梦想就是一种让你感到坚持就是幸福的东西。
Perfection is not just about control.It's also about letting go.		完美不仅在于控制，也在于释放。 
Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.		凡是值得做的事，就值得做好。
You can't change your situation. The only thing that you can change is how you choose to deal with it.		境遇难以改变，你能改变的唯有面对它时的态度。
I will start fresh, be someone new. 		我要重新开始，做不一样的自己。
How I wish I could go back in time and meet myself as a kid.		真希望自己可以适时地穿越回去，去见见那个还是个小孩子的自己。
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.		没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。
Everybody can fly without wings when they hold on to their dreams.		坚持自己的梦想，即使没有翅膀也能飞翔。
Do not pray for easy lives, pray to be stronger.		与其祈求生活平淡点，还不如祈求自己强大点。
You are the first ray of sunshine at every dawn.		你是我每天清晨的第一缕阳光。
Consider the bad times as down payment for the good times. Hang in there. 		把苦日子当做好日子的首付，坚持就是胜利！
Be who you are, and never ever apologize for that!		坚持做自己，并永远不要为此而后悔！
If you are able to appreciate beauty in the ordinary, your life will be more vibrant.		如果你擅于欣赏平凡中的美好，你的生活会更加多姿多彩。
Sometimes you have to fall before you can fly.		有时候，你得先跌下去，才能飞起来。
Life is a journey, one that is much better traveled with a companion by our side.		人生是一场旅程，我们最好结伴同行。
Affection is desirable.Money is absolutely indispensable!		爱情至关重要，但金钱必不可少。
Everyone has his own way of finding happiness.		每个人都有各自找到幸福的方式。
The best colour in the whole world, is the one that looks good, on you!		最适合你的颜色，才是世界上最美的颜色。
You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.		你已经一无所有，没有什么道理不顺心而为。
English has hurt me a thousand times, but I still regard it as my first love.		英语伤我千百遍，我待英语如初恋。
Dear Daddy, I may find a prince someday, but you will always be my king. 		亲爱的老爸，也许有一天我会找到我的王子，但你永远是我的国王。
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.		对明天最好的准备就是今天做到最好。
Although she doesn't know much about football, she understands his sadness.		她不懂足球，但她懂得他的悲伤。
I would rather he remember me the way I was.		我只愿他记得我当初的样子。
Attempt doesn't necessarily bring success, but giving up definitely leads to failure.		努力不一定成功，但放弃一定失败！
It's hot enough to melt hell! 		这天热得足以把地狱熔化！
I don't care about other questions and I just try to be myself.		我不在乎别人的质疑，我只会做好自己。
Some people say that true lovers are one soul that is separated when it's born and those two halves will always yearn to find their way back together.		有人说“情侣”是灵魂转世时一分为二，此生都在寻找另一半。
When the world says,"Give up!"Hope whispers,"Try it one more time."		当全世界都在说“放弃”的时候，希望却在耳边轻轻地说：“再试一次吧”！
Life is like a rainbow. You don't always know what's on the other side, but you know it's there.		生活像一道彩虹，你不知道另一端通向哪里，但你会知道，它总是在那里。
Music and arts have always played the key role in my life.		音乐和艺术一直在我生命中占据着重要的地位。
The difference between internet and reality is so incredible.		网络和现实的差别如此巨大。
In life it's not where you go. It's who you travel with.		生命中，重要的不是你去哪里，而是与谁同行。
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.		只要相信自己，你就会懂得如何去生活。
Sometimes the right path is not the easiest one.		对的那条路，往往不是最好走的。
If you're brave enough to say GOODBYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.		只要你勇敢地说出再见，生活一定会给你一个新的开始。
Dreams without execution are nothing.		梦想不付出行动，等于白扯。
Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even.		记住：当人生很苦逼的时候，你要保持淡定。
Our path is harder,but it leads to a better place.Our road is longer,but we travel together.		这条路虽艰辛，但却是通往理想的正途，这条路虽漫长，好在你我并肩前行。
Being the third wheel sucks! 		当电灯泡神马的最讨厌了！
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value. 		与其努力成功，不如努力成为有价值的人。
No cross, no crown. 		不经历风雨，怎么见彩虹。
Say to yourself: "No matter how many obstacles I encounter in life, I will do all that I can to complete the whole course."		请对自己说：无论生活之路上会遇到多少障碍，我会竭尽所能地跑完这一程。
Some things are so important that they force us to overcome our fears.		总有些更重要的事情，赋予我们打败恐惧的勇气。
How to sleep faster: Decorate your bedroom to look like a classroom.		怎样能更快入睡？把卧室装修成教室的模样。
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slowly you progress, you are already ahead of those who never tried.		无论你犯了多少错，或者进步得有多慢，你都走在了那些不曾尝试的人的前面。
Life is a wonderful journey. Make it your journey and not someone else's.		生命是一段精彩旅程，要活的有自己的样子，而不是别人的影子。
If you want something done, do it yourself. 		靠谁都不如靠自己。
Sometimes love is not a feeling but a choice.		有时候，爱不是一种感觉，而是一种选择。
Behind every successful man there's a lot of unsuccessful years.		每个牛B的成功者都经历过苦B的岁月。
I'm only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.		我只在必要时才勇敢，勇敢并不代表你要到处闯祸。
Where the more different you are, the better.		你们之间越是不同，越好。
A moment on the lips,forever on the hips.		贪得一时嘴馋，平添一生赘肉。
There are so many beautiful reasons to be happy. 		有太多太多美好的理由让你笑对生活。
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.		希望是一件好事，也许是人间至善，而美好的事永不消逝。 
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. 		穿着破旧，人们记住衣服；穿着无瑕，人们则记住衣服里的女人。
Life is like live TV show. There is no rehearsal.		人生没有彩排，只有现场直播。
Youth will fade away, but my memories of you will not.		青春都会苍老，但记忆里的你一直都好。
How can men succumb to force?		男人怎么能屈服于“武力”之下？
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.		此情可待成追忆，只是当时已惘然。
Go at least once a year to a place you have never been before.		每年至少去一个你不曾去过的地方吧！
Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.		你的心是自由的，要有勇气追随它。
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.		并不是因为事情难我们才不敢做，而是因为我们不敢做事情才难。
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday.		如果你还在纠结于昨天，就不会拥有更美好的明天。
There are no perfect relationships. It's how you accept the imperfections that makes it perfect.		没有完美的情感，重要的是你如何接受不完美而让它完美。
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.		在你所处的位置，用你所有的资源，做你力所能及的事。
If you do not think about your future, you cannot have it.		如果你不思考未来，你就不会有未来。
Life is tough, but I'm tougher. 		生活很艰苦，但我更坚强。
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake. 		信任就像橡皮擦，每犯一次错，就会变小一点。
Chance favors only the prepared mind. 		机会总眷顾有准备的人。
Turn the page on yesterday. Only ever think about today and tomorrow.		把昨天翻过去，只去考虑今天和明天。
There is no point in living if you can't feel alive.		活着没有生气，那活着也没有意义。
Don't make a permanent decision for your temporary emotion.		别因一时冲动去做影响一生的决定。
I can make it through the rain. I can stand up once again on my own. 		我可以穿越云雨，也可以东山再起。
Done is better than perfect.		比完美更重要的是完成。
The man who has made up his mind to win will never say " Impossible".		凡是决心取得胜利的人从来不说“不可能”。
Stop trying to find a rewind.It's life, not a movie.		别妄想着倒带，这是生活，不是电影。
Every new day is another chance to change your life.		每天都会是改变命运的机会。
I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you.		我迫不及待想和你白头到老。
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away.		生命的真谛不在于你呼吸的次数，而在于那些令你怦然心动到无法呼吸的时刻。
Don't follow others' steps when making your own trip.		不要踩着别人的脚印，找自己的路。
When you have choices, choose the best. When you have no choice, do your best.		有选择时，选最好的。没选择时，尽力做到最好。
The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen.		真正重要的事往往不是显而易见的。
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun. 		如果一切都循规蹈矩，人生还有什么乐趣？！
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.		当你对成功的渴望犹如呼吸般得不可或缺，你就一定会成功。
There's nothing more beautiful than a smile that struggles through tears.		世上最美的，莫过于从泪水中挣脱出来的那个微笑。
The harder thing to do and the right thing to do are usually the same thing.		难做的事和该做的事，往往是同一件事。
It's time to start living the life you've imagined.		是时候开始过自己想要的生活了！
Sometimes things happen that are just out of your control.		有时候事情的发生你无法控制。
It's never too late to be what you might have been.		勇敢做自己，永远都不迟。
Don't worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring its own worries.		不要为明天忧虑，因为明天自有明天的忧虑。
Every step towards your dream today is a step away from your regret tomorrow.		今日为梦想所付出的每一份努力都会减少明日的一份后悔。
Climb mountains not so the world can see you, but so you can see the world.		爬上山顶并不是为了让全世界看到你，而是让你看到整个世界。
Pursue excellence and success will follow.		追求卓越，成功自然来。
Do not keep anything for a special occasion, because every day that you live is a special occasion.		别为某个所谓的特别时刻而有所保留，因为你生活的每一天都是那么特别。
Thank you Toronto.Thank you for giving me the opportunity to begin my career in the NBA.		感谢多伦多，感谢你让我开始NBA生涯。
If you don't make a choice, the choice makes you.		你不主导命运，就会被命运主导。
If you are not learning something new every day, you are wasting away days of your life.		如果每天不学点新的东西，就是在浪费生命。
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.		生活要么大胆尝试，要么什么都不是。
Tomorrow is never clear. Our time is here.		明天是未知的，我们还是享受此刻吧！
University freshmen are taking part in the military training.		大一新生正在接受军训。
Nobody is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry.		没有人值得你流泪，值得你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。
Both happiness and sadness in our life  would fade away with time.		生命中无论快乐还是悲伤，终将随时光一起逝去。
The best things in life are free. The second best are very expensive.		生命中最美好的事物都是免费的，次美好的事物都很贵。
It's our choices that make us who we are.		正是我们的抉择，造就了我们的一生。
All the bright precious things fade so fast...and they don't come back.		所有的光鲜亮丽都敌不过时间，并且一去不复返。
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.		天才是1%的天分加99%的努力。
I eat alone. I sleep alone. I cry alone. So...cool.		我一个人吃，一个人睡，一人默默流泪……挺好。
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.		没有胆大的猜测就没有伟大的发现。
When you're different,when you're special,sometimes you have to get used to being alone.		有时，特立独行意味着不得不独自前行。
Nothing lasts forever and life is limited.Everyone is equal before cancer.		世事无常，生命有限。在癌症面前，人人平等。
Don't cry because it is over,smile because it happened.		不要因为结束而哭泣，微笑吧，因为你曾经拥有。
Good or bad we must all live.		无论生活是悲是喜，我们都须承受。
What others think is not important . How you feel about yourself is all that matters.		别人怎么想并不重要，你怎么看自己才是关键。
Sometimes I do what I want to do. The rest of the time I do what I have to.		有时候，我做我想做的事，其它时候，我做我该做的事。
Don't moon away the Mid-Autumn Festival.		找点事儿做吧，不要虚度了中秋佳节。 
From the coma, the wait is over.You loved me back to life.		不再麻木，不再等待，你的爱让我重获新生。
What makes life dreary is the want of a motive.		没有了目的，人生便暗淡无光。
The things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.		失去的终将回来，虽不见得是以我们所期待的方式。
Time will bring a surprise, if you believe.		时间会带来惊喜，如果你相信的话。
I'm not indoorsy.		我不是宅男。
The old dreams were very good dreams; they didn't work out, but I'm glad I had them.		旧梦很美，虽未能实现，但我很欣慰它们曾萦绕心田。
The most important thing in life is not how long you will live,but whom you are living with.		人生不问长短，但求白首同心之人。
So near yet so far, we can be beside each other yet our hearts apart.		这么近又那么远，我们虽近在咫尺，心却天各一方。
You can change your life if you want to. Sometimes you have to be hard on yourself, but you can change it completely.		有志者事竟成。有时虽劳其筋骨，但命运可以彻底改变。
The most melancholy thing in life is a farewell between those in love,even though it is but for a short time.		人生最惆怅莫过于与爱人离别，看似小别，却似久别。
The soul is not where it lives, but it loves.		爱之所在，亦心之所在。
The world is not in your books and maps, it's out there.		真正的世界不在书或地图里，而是在外面。
When the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world.		如果这个世界对你不理不睬，你也可以这样对待它。
Do not seat your love upon a precipice because it is high.		不要因为峭壁是高的，就让你的爱情悬在上面。
Now we don't call it alive. It's just not to die.		我们现在不叫活着，这只是没有死去。
Money makes the world go round.		有钱能使鬼推磨。
If two people believe in something, really believe, anything, even the impossible, is possible.		任何事情，如果两个人都相信、真的相信它，即便不可能，也会变成可能。
Don't look forward to tomorrow, don't miss yesterday, to grasp today.		不憧憬明天，不留念昨天，只把握今天。
Stop waiting for things to happen.Go out and make them happen.		别指望事情会自然发生，行动起来，让它们变成可能！
A little consideration, a little thought for others makes all the difference.		一点点体贴，一点点为他人着想，会让一切都不一样。
Scarlett was crowned Sexiest Woman Alive once again.		斯嘉丽再次被评为最性感女星。
The best love is the one that makes you a better person, without changing you into someone other than yourself.		最好的爱情，会让你不断完善自我，而非失去自我。
Silence is the most powerful cry.		沉默是最有力的呐喊。
The last thing to be neglected is to observe the filial piety.		子欲养而亲不待。
It doesn't matter how many times you fail. What matters is how many times you stand up and try again.		失败多少次不重要，重要的是你能重新站起来多少次，并且继续前行。
A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself.		朋友就是那个在他面前，你可以做自己的人。
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.		有时候你的微笑源自你的快乐，有时候你的微笑会使你快乐。
Without Ceres and Bacchus, Venus grows cold.		没有面包哪来的爱情。
Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.		生活就像个洋葱，你只能一层一层剥开它，还不时地流泪。
You got to put the past behind before you can move on. 		放下过去，才能前行。
Winter is an etching, spring a watercolor, summer an oil painting and autumn a mosaic of them all.		冬天是蚀刻画，春天是水彩画，夏天是油画，而秋天则是三者的美丽交织。
No dream is too big, and no dreamer is too small.		梦想再大也不嫌大，追梦的人再小也不嫌小。
I've got you. I don't have to wait for it anymore.		我已经拥有了你，再也不需要等待。
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.		真正快乐的人是那种在走弯路时也不忘享受风景的人。
To be a princess, you have to believe that you are a princess.		要想成为公主，先要相信自己就是公主。
A man can be destroyed but not defeated.		人可以被毁灭，但不可以被打败。
The hard part isn't making the decision. It's living with it.		做出决定并不困难，困难的是接受决定。
You can't judge a book by its cover.		你不能以貌取人。
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.		勇气就是虽感恐惧，但仍会前行。
Do or do not. There is no try.		要么做，要么滚！没有试试看这一说。
A smile is the shortest distance between two people. 		微笑是人与人之间最短的距离。
Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves.		生如夏花之灿烂，死如秋叶之静美。
All you can do is to try your best. Even with those small steps, you're closer to your goal than you were yesterday.		我们能做的只是拼尽全力，即使迈出的步子再小，也比昨天要更接近自己的目标。
Love doesn't consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.		爱情不在于相互凝视，而在于同往一个方向眺望。
There is no such thing as a coincidence in this world, there is only the inevitable.		世上没有偶然，有的只是必然。
The only person you should try to be better than, is who you were yesterday.		你唯一应该超越的人，是昨天的自己。
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted.		不要后悔做任何事情，因为曾经有个时候，那正是你想要的。
You don't throw a whole life away just because it's banged up a little bit.		即便生活总有不如意，你也不能将其全部放弃。
We can't turn into those people who work and work just to pay their bill,and don't have any time to pursue their dreams.		我们不能成为那些只是为了柴米油盐拼命工作，却没有时间追求梦想的人。 
Happiness is a way station between too little and too much.		幸福就是在太多和太少之间的一站。
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you won't give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. 		如果她很棒，不会很好追。如果她很好追，则不会很棒。如果她值得，你不该放弃。如果你放弃，则是你不配。
Love is trembling happiness.		爱，是颤抖着的幸福。
Single is simple, double is trouble.		一个人很简单，两个人很麻烦。
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.		不完美是种美丽，疯狂是种天分，不靠谱总好过超无聊。
A strong man stands up for himself. A stronger man stands up for others.		强人为自己，更强的人为大家。
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.		生活总是计划赶不上变化。
The one who wants to wear a crown must bear the weight.		欲戴王冠，必承其重。
Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.		伟大的人有目标，平庸的人只有愿望。
Trust no one because even your shadow will leave you in darkness.		不要过分信赖别人，即便是你的影子，也会在黑暗中离开你。
Smile and let everyone know that today you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday.		用微笑告诉世人，今天的你比昨天更加强大。
Don't give up, just be you. Because life's too short to be anybody else.		不要放弃做自己，人生很短，根本没时间模仿别人。
We're meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us?		我们注定要失去我们所爱的人，不然怎么知道他们对我们有多么的重要。
Hope my warm "Hello" will brighten up your World Hello Day.		让我的温暖的问候照亮你的世界问候日。
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. 		每件事最后都会是好事。如果不是好事，说明还没到最后。
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.		良好的判断力来源于经验，而经验则往往来自于错误的判断。
The greatest enemy of a good plan is the dream of a perfect plan.		追求完美的想法，是好计划的最大敌人。
If you're lucky enough to be different, don't ever change.		如果你很幸运能够与别人不同，请不要改变。
Life will knock us down, but we can choose whether or not to stand back up.		生活会把我们打趴下， 但我们可以选择是否重新站起来。
Be strong, believe in who you are; be strong, believe in what you feel.		强大一些，要相信你自己；强大一些，要相信自己的感觉。
It is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.		我们不是因为快乐而感恩，而是感恩让我们变得快乐。
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions. It is governed by our mental attitude.		幸福不依赖于外界环境，而取决于我们的心态。
For you, a thousand times over.		为你，千千万万次都心甘情愿。
If you shed tears when you miss the sun, you also miss the stars.		如果错过太阳时你流了泪，那么你也要错过群星了。
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.		也许不是每天都那么美好，但每天都会有一些小美好存在。
I never feared death or dying. I only fear never trying.		我从不害怕死亡，只害怕从未尝试。 
The very things that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense gratification and delight.		正是那些让人心绪沉重的时刻，日后成了我们巨大满足和快乐的源泉！
Things are different now. I have to protect the one thing that I can't live without. That's you.		现在情况不一样了，我必须保护我唯一离不开的人，就是你！
I promise you, I'm always there, when your heart is filled with sorrow and despair.		当你内心充满悲伤和绝望的时候，我保证我一直在你身边。
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.		生命中最伟大的光辉，不在于永不坠落，而是坠落后总能再度升起。
Love is a game. Easy to start. Hard to finish.		爱情是一场游戏。开始很容易，结束很难。
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.		如果你想拥有从未有过的东西，那么你必须去做你从未做过的事。
Without risk, there is no reward.		不入虎穴，焉得虎子。
I don't want us to be together because we have to,I want us to be together because we want to.		我不希望我们因为“不得不”而在一起，我希望我们是因为想在一起而在一起。
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.		自由是做你喜欢做的事，幸福是喜欢你做的事。
Life is too short for us to wake up in the morning with regrets. 		人生苦短，所以每天不要带着遗憾醒来。
It's better to have fought and lost, than never to have fought at all.		奋战过失败，胜过不战而败。
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.		没有改变，不可能会有进步。无法改变想法的人，什么事情也改变不了。
Victory won't come to me unless I go to it.		胜利是不会向我走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。
For some men, nothing is written unless they write it.		对于一些人来说，命运是由自己书写的，没有什么是注定的。
Death is so final, whereas life is so full of possibilities.		死了可什么都没了，而活着就有无限的可能。
Life is a roller coaster. You can scream every time you hit a bump, or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride.		生活就像过山车，你可以在每次颠簸的时候尖叫，你也可以高举双手享受整个过程。
We must face tomorrow, whatever it may hold, with determination, joy, and bravery.		无论明天怎样，我们都要带着决心、快乐和勇气去面对。
It's never too late to do the right thing.		做正确的事永远都不迟。
There are only two creatures who can surmount the pyramids--the eagle and the snail.		能够登顶金字塔的生物只有两种--鹰和蜗牛。
The distance between your dreams and reality is called action. 		梦想和现实之间的那段距离，叫做行动。
There are three stages in a man's life: He believes in Santa Claus. He doesn't believe in Santa Claus. He is Santa Claus.		男人成长有三个阶段：相信圣诞老人的存在；不相信圣诞老人的存在；自己是个圣诞老人。
If you look for it, I've got a sneaky feeling you'll find that love actually is all around.		如果你仔细寻找，你会发现爱其实无处不在。
All the art of living lies in the fine mingling of letting go and holding on.		生活的艺术在于，好好把握每一次的放手与坚持。
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. 		早睡早起使人健康、富裕又聪明。
It's how you handle rejections that determines where you'll end up.		你处理拒绝的方式将会决定你何去何从。
Sometimes, all we need is a hand to hold and a heart that understands.		有时候，我们想要的只是一只可以握的手和一颗善解人意的心。
Forget all the reasons why it won't work, and believe the one reason why it will.		忘掉所有那些“不可能”的借口，去坚持那一个“可能”的理由。
Whether it is happiness or sorrow, it would finally become memories of life.		一生中无论快乐与悲伤，最后都将成为回忆。
Hello 2014!May all my wishes come true.		你好，2014！希望一切愿望都能实现！
I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again. 		我希望你过着让自己骄傲的生活。如果没有，我希望你有勇气可以重头来过。
Every mountain is unclimbable until someone climbs it. So every ship is unsinkable until it sinks.		没有翻不了的山，也没有沉不了的船。
Try your best, even if the task seems difficult.		全力以赴，即使任务看起来超有难度。
We don't need people who follow the rules. We need people with personality.		我们不需要循规蹈矩的人，我们需要有个性的人。
In life, patience is the key. It's much better to be going somewhere slowly than nowhere fast.		人生，关键是要有耐心。奔着目标，慢慢走，会好过毫无目标，傻傻往前冲。
You never know how much you miss them till they're gone. 		当爱人随风逝去，才明白相思入骨。
 You have to do the best what God gave you.		你必须尽力发挥上帝所赐予你的。
Love is not just about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship.		爱不仅仅在于要找到一个对的人，还在于建立一段正确的关系。
Friends do favors for each other.		朋友会为彼此两肋插刀。
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.		如果你真的想做什么事，你会找到方法。如果你不想，那你只能找到借口。
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. 		只要你相信自己，你就会懂得如何生活。
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.		尝试后可能会放弃，但千万不能放弃尝试。
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.		要想被人爱，就要付出爱，并让自己可爱。
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.		前进缓慢没关系，只要你别停下脚步。
You had the Gold Rush in America, for home; we have the Spring Festival Travel Rush in China, also for home.		美国人曾有“淘金潮”，是为了成家立业；中国人有“春运”，是为了举家团圆。
Taking the exam is one thing but passing it is a horse of a different color.		考试是一回事；通过考试又是另一回事。
Man's nature at birth is good.		人之初，性本善。
Money will come and go.		钱财乃身外之物。
All the advantage isn't in running fast, but rather in getting an early start.		优势不在于跑得快，而在于起身早。
East or west, home is the best.		金窝银窝不如自家的草窝。
Good looks may fade, but a good heart keeps you beautiful forever.		纵然芳容易逝，心善却能令美丽永驻。
The more you know, the more you know you don't know.		你知道的越多，你会发现你不知道的也就越多。
The rough road often leads to the top.		艰难的道路经常通往高处。
Today, at the edge of our hope, at the end of our time, we have chosen not only to believe in ourselves, but in each other.		今天，在希望的边缘，在时代的终结，我们不仅仅选择了相信自己，还选择了相信彼此。
I'm not old! Age is nothing!		我不老！年龄不是问题！
Home is not only where it is,but who they are.		家是那个魂牵梦绕的地方，还有那些一直牵挂的人。
Be it ever so humble, there is no place like home.		休嫌它寒微贫贱，天涯无处似家园。
Take a few minutes to appreciate what you have and how far you've come.		稍稍沉下心来，欣赏自己拥有的和所完成的。
The Spring Festival Eve is the time for a family reunion.		除夕是一家人团聚的时刻。
We'll have a fresh start for the year ahead.		一元复始，万象更新。
May you be happy and prosperous.		恭喜发财！
May everything fall into your lap.		万事如意！
May treasures fill your home.		财源广进！
May the New Year bring you good fortune.		迎春接福！
May you always get more than you wish for.		年年有余！
There's no one I'd rather be than me. 		除了我自己，我不愿作任何人。
The beginning is the most important part of the work.		开始阶段是工作最重要的部分。
They always say time changes everything, but you actually have to change it yourself.		人们总说时间会改变一切，但事实上，你必须自己去改变一切。
That there's some good in this world,  and it's worth fighting for.		这世上一定存在着善良，值得我们奋战到底。 
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.		精彩的人生不必苛求完美。
Life is like a hot bath. It feels good while you're in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get.		生活就像热水澡，泡着很舒服，但泡得越久，皱纹也就越多。
All drunken days have their tomorrows. 		今日花天酒地，明日潦倒穷途。
When you really love someone, age,distance,height and weight are just numbers.		真心爱一个人时，年龄，距离，身高，体重都只是一堆数字。
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that is love.		当一个人的幸福成为你的幸福时，那就是真爱。
What is any ocean but a multitude of drops?		没有众多的水滴又哪来的海洋呢？
No one but ourselves can degrade us.		没人能够贬低我们，除非是我们自己。
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. 		有些人想成功，有些人渴望成功，有些人努力实现成功。
Sometimes you need to look at life from a different perspective.		有时候，你需要换个角度看生活。
Remember to look back upon your mistakes from time to time, but never regret them.		记得常回头看看以前犯的错误，但绝不要为它们感到后悔。
Life is not all great, keep vigilant!		人生无常，要随时保持警觉。
Time waits for no one. Treasure every moment you have.		时间不等人，珍惜你所拥有的每分每秒吧！
The greatest treasures are not gold, nor jewels, nor works of art. They cannot be held in your hands; they're held within your heart.		最珍贵的宝藏不是金银珠宝，也不是艺术品，不能握在手里，只能用心去感受。
It is not enough to be industrious, so are the ants. What are you industrious for?		光勤劳是不够的，蚂蚁也是勤劳的。要看你为什么而勤劳。
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't let the noise of other's opinion drown your own inner voice.		时间宝贵，不要虚掷光阴过他人的生活。不要让周遭的聒噪言论蒙蔽你内心的声音。
Pains make you stronger, tears make you braver, and heartbreaks make you wiser. So thank the past for a better future.		伤痛让你更坚强，眼泪让你更勇敢，心碎让你更明智，所以，感谢过去，给我们带来更好的未来。
Do you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone?		难道你不想冒一次险么？难道你想等你老了，再后悔莫及孤老而终么？
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.		我们不能计划生活，我们只能为生活做好准备。
No town can never be home; yet the past can never be back.		没有留不下的城市，只有回不去的过往。
 It doesn't matter where you came from. What matters is who you choose to be.		你来自哪里并不重要，重要的是你选择成为什么样的人。
Distance doesn't ruin a relationship. Doubts do.		毁灭感情的不是距离，而是怀疑。
Things to do today:1.Get up; 2.Be awesome; 3.Go back to bed.		今天的计划：1、起床；2、做牛B的事；3、睡觉。
If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people.		只要能把自己的事做好，并让自己快乐，你就领先于大多数人了。
You've got to learn to let go.		你得学会放手。
No matter what you're going through , it's always better if you have people to share it with.		无论你经历了什么，有人和你分享总是更好的。
Happy girls are the prettiest girls.		快乐的女孩是最美的！
A girl needs to wear two things to look great: Confidence and Smile ! 		随身带着自信和微笑的女孩会看起来很棒！
I don't want to survive. I want to live.		我想要的不仅仅是生存，而是生活。 
Figure out what you like. Try to become the best in the world of it.		找到你喜欢做的事，并努力成为这个领域里的顶尖人物。
Life is like a journey with an unknown destination. 		生命就像一次不知目的地的旅行。
Cherish every moment with those you love at every stage of your journey.		人生的每个阶段，都要珍惜和所爱的人在一起的每一刻。
Nothing can help us endure dark times better than our faith.		没有什么比信念更能支撑我们度过艰难的时光了。
Love is when you sit beside someone doing nothing yet you feel perfectly happy.		爱就是当你坐在他身边，哪怕什么都不做，也会感觉很开心。 
A man is not old until his regrets take place of his dreams.		只有当遗憾取代了梦想，人才算老。
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.		登上高峰后，你会发现还有更多的山峰要翻越。
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.		成功就是日复一日那一点点小小努力的积累。
Some people are worth melting for.		有的人值得我为她融化。
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.		每个人都像月亮，都有着不愿示人的一面。
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.		人生不在于抓到一副好牌，而在于打好你手里的牌。
Lose yourself on a journey of epic proportions. Wherever you go, no one will ever know.		迷失在如诗般的旅途，你的终点，从未被人知晓！
Whatever happens tomorrow, we've had today. 		无论明天发生什么，我们至少拥有今天。
Like sunlight, sunset, we appear, we disappear. We are so important to some, but we are just passing through.		像日出日落，出现也罢，消失也罢，就算对某些人至关重要，我们依旧是匆匆过客。
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.		带着激情做事，你就会有激情。
Studying abroad is about so much more than improving your own future. It's also about shaping the future of your countries and of the world we all share.		出国留学绝不仅是改善你们自己的未来，也关乎塑造你们的国家、关乎我们共有的世界的未来。
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.		我们必须接受有限的失望，但是不可以失去无限的希望。
Love means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting.		爱是理解，不是妥协。爱是原谅，不是遗忘。
If you weren't my friend, there'd be a hole in my life! 		如果没有你这个朋友，我的人生会若有所失。
Nothing can be accomplished without norms or standards. 		没有规矩不成方圆。
My life didn't please me, so I created my life.		我的生活不曾取悦于我，所以我创造了自己的生活。
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.		坚持不懈不是一个长跑，而是一个接着一个的短跑！
We all have stories we won't ever tell.		我们都有一些不会讲出来的故事。
We don't realize what a privilege it is to grow old with someone.		我们没有意识到，和一个人一起变老是件多么荣耀的事。
There is a sacredness in tears. They are messengers of overwhelming grief and unspeakable love.		眼泪里有一种神圣的东西，它传递着无法承受的悲痛以及无法言表的爱。
Be prepared for lots of rejections before you land a job.		在找到一份工作之前，要做好屡次碰壁的准备。
Appreciate what you have, who loves you and who cares for you. You'll never know how much they mean to you until the day they are no longer beside you.		感恩你所拥有的，爱你的人及在乎你的人，你不会知道他们对你有多重要，直到你失去他们的那一天。
You can't cling to the past, because no matter how tightly you hold on, it's already gone.		你不能对过去念念不忘，因为无论你把回忆抓得多紧，它早已悄无声息地消失。
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.		失败是使成功变美味的调味料。
Life offers you a thousand chances ... all you have to do is take one. 		生活不断地赐予你许许多多机会，而你唯一需要做的只是把握其中一个。
Failure is never quite so frightening as regret.		比失败更令人恐惧的是懊悔。
DNA decides what we are, but not who we are. What we are never changed, but who we are never stop changing.		DNA决定了我们是什么，但不能决定我们将成为什么人。我们是什么不会改变，但我们能成为什么则在一直变化着。
Beauty is an attitude. It has nothing to do with age.		美是一种态度，与年龄无关。
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.		你玩权利的游戏，结局要么赢、要么死，没有折中的选择。
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.		精明的头脑和善良的心往往是强大的组合。
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined.		自信的朝你梦想的方向前进，去过你所想要的生活。
When life reaches out with a moment like this, it's a sin if you don't reach back. 		当生活在这一瞬间开始向你垂青，你不回应便是罪过。
The best thing to do when entering unknown territory is smile.		踏入未知地带最好的对策就是微笑。
No matter how bad your day is, there is always something good that comes out of it.		无论你的日子有多么糟糕，总有一些小美好出现。
I'm ready to travel, and you're my ticket.		我已经准备好出发，而你就是我的旅票。 
There's many a slip twixt the cup and the lip.		世事往往会功亏一篑。
God gives us our relatives. Thank God we can choose our friends.		上帝决定了谁是我们的亲戚，幸运的是在选择朋友方面给我们留有余地。Ethel Watts Mumford
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.		据说一个人在这个世上获得真正的幸福需要三件事情：有人爱，有事做，有所期待。 
We do not inherit the Earth from our Ancestors; we borrow it from our Children.		我们不是从祖辈那里继承的地球，而是向我们的子孙们借来的。
A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. 		要保持剑的锋利就得磨拭，要保持头脑灵光就得看书。
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbours, and laugh at them in our turn?		我们活着是为了什么？不就是给邻居当笑柄，再反过来笑他们。—1995
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.		人生太匆匆，若不偶尔停下来看看周围，你会错过很多风景！
If all the world hated you, and believed you wicked, while your own conscience approved you, and absolved you from guilt, you would not be without friends.		哪怕全世界的人都恨你，认为你坏，只要你自问无愧，你不会没朋友。
No matter where you go in life or how old you get, there's always something new to learn about. After all, life is full of surprises.		不管你生活在哪里，你有多少岁，总有新东西要学习，毕竟，生活总是充满惊喜。
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.		对于世界而言，你可能是一个人，但是对于某人，你却是整个世界。
Only those who constantly retool themselves stand a chance of staying employed in the years ahead. 		只有那些不断充实自己的人，才有机会在往后的日子里持续地被雇用。
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, and realize how blessed you are for what you have.		美好生活就是不瞎想，做得多，要得少，常微笑，意识到你现在是多么的幸运。
Sometimes the hardest part isn't letting go, but rather learning to start over.		有时候，最困难的不是放手，而是学着如何开始。Nicole Sobon
A miracle is something that seems impossible but happens anyway.		奇迹就是看似不可能，却发生了。
Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.		青春犹如梦幻，人人似颠若狂。
Don't ever change just to impress and please someone. Change because it makes you a better person and it leads you to a better future.		不要为了取悦别人而改变。改变，只为让自己变得更好，拥有更美好的未来。
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.		世上最美妙的事，莫过于爱以及被爱，彼此相对的付出。
There are two kinds of pain. The sort of pain that makes you strong, or useless pain. The sort of pain that's only suffering.		痛苦分两种。一种让你变得更强，另一种毫无价值，只是徒添折磨。
Your smile looks adorable. You should wear it more often.		你笑起来很美，要经常面带微笑哦！
Life isn't like in the movies. Life... is much harder.		生活不像电影，生活比电影难多了。
Some battles you win, some battles you lose.		胜败乃兵家常事。
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.		上帝不能无处不在，因此他创造了母亲。
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are stronger at the broken places.		生活总是让我们遍体鳞伤，但到后来，那些受伤的地方会变得更坚强。
Remember, keep a positive attitude and good things will happen.		记住：保持乐观的心态，好事自然会发生。
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.		我认为一个人的成功不是看他爬得有多高，而是看他跌倒谷底之后能反弹多高。
A half-finished book is, after all, a half finished love affair.		毕竟，一本未尽的书便似一段未了的情。
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you find out why.		生命中最重要的两个日子，一个是你出生，一个是你发现自己为什么而生。
Where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.		如果智慧真的高人一等，傲慢也就不会太过分。
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.		当幸福的一扇门关闭时，另一扇会打开，但我们常常盯着那扇关闭的门，却没有看到另一扇已经打开。
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.		世界上只有一样东西可以阻止梦想实现，那就是害怕失败。
If you are willing, I will always love you. Would you like, I will never miss.		你若有意，我将深爱不逾。你若无意，我也绝不牵挂。
If you believe in yourself and with a tiny pinch of good luck, all your dreams can come true.		如果你相信自己，然后再加上一点点运气，那你所有梦想就都能实现。
True love is about letting her go and seeing if she returns.		 真正的爱情是让她走开，并看看她是否归来。
However hard you try, you'll always miss out on something in life. Let's just enjoy the moment.		不管你怎么赶，人生中总有抓不住的，享受当下吧！
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound.		人们总是渴望改善周遭环境，但是却不愿意改善自己，因此总停留在原地，无法进步。
The rational and the irrational complement each other. Individually, they are far less powerful.		理性和非理性是互补的。两者分开的话，力量就会小很多。
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.		最终，重要的不是活了多少年，而是这些年你怎么活。
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.		如果把我们能做到的都做了，最终连我们自己都会被吓到。
You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money.		依我看，你的所有问题都可以通过多挣点钱来解决。
If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.		如果你等待，发生的只有变老。
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting.It means the memories last, even if contact is lost.		友情是理解，不是妥协；是原谅，不是遗忘。即使不联系，感情依然在。
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.		有太多的人高估他们所欠缺的，却又低估他们所拥有的。
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.		人生就应该是快乐的，要抓住每一天，孩子们，让你们的生活变得非凡起来。
Instead of complaining about what's wrong, be grateful for what's right.		别抱怨不好的事，要对美好的事心存感恩。
When life gets hard and you want to give up, remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.		当生活很艰难，你想要放弃的时候，请记住，生活充满了起起落落，如果没有低谷，那站在高处也失去了意义。
The happiest are not those who own all the best things, but those who can appreciate the beauty of life.		最幸福的人们并不一定什么都是最好，只是他们懂得欣赏生活的美好。
Eventually, you'll learn to cry that on the inside.		终有一天，你会学会让泪往心里流。
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.		成功不是终点，失败也并非末日，最重要的是继续前进的勇气。
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.		决定你人生高度的，不是你的才能，而是你的态度。
Generosity is its own form of power.		别低估了慷慨的力量。
A fellow doesn't last long on what he has done. He's got to keep on delivering as he goes along.		靠过去完成的无法让人保有成功，必须在路上持续交出成绩。
If you're not satisfied with the life you're living, don't just complain. Do something about it.		对于现况的不满，不能只是抱怨，要有勇气作出改变。
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.		努力过，失败过，没关系，屡战屡败，屡败屡战，每一次失败都比上一次更好。
Good luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it. 		好运就是当机会来临时，你早已做好了准备。
Success is not guaranteed. It is not handed to you. Success is earned.		成功无法保证，并非唾手可得。成功必须靠自己去争取。
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.		如果你独处时感到寂寞，说明没有把自己陪好。
A father's greatest dream is that his child's life is filled with joy.		父亲的最大梦想就是孩子的生活是充满欢乐的。
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.		当你从内心深处找到一种可以忍受一切痛苦的坚强力量时，你的成长历程就会出现飞跃。
Here's an inside tip: The faster you rise, the harder you fall.		给你一个小忠告：爬得越快，摔得越疼。
It's not about making the amazing saves. It's the little things and small things that made great gatekeepers great.		伟大的门将不是靠神奇的扑救成就，而是靠注重小事和细节成功。
Do not wait for good things to happen to you. You need to walk towards happiness.		不要等待好事降临，你要向幸福进发。
Sometimes things have to fall apart to make way for better things.		有时候要到达谷底，才会慢慢变好。
I will return, find you, love you, marry you and live without shame.		我会回去，找到你，爱你，娶你，活的光明正大。
If you love life, life will love you back.		热爱生活，生活也会厚爱你。
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do. 		你是什么样的人和你想成为什么样的之间的差距就是，你做了什么。
You have to do everything you can. You have to work your hardest. And if you do, if you stay positive, then you have a shot at a silver lining.		你需要尽你所能，最大限度地去努力。只要你这么做，只要你能保持乐观，你就会看见乌云背后的幸福线。
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think.		请记住，幸福不在于你是谁或者你拥有什么，而仅仅取决于你的心态！
No matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours.		无论未来何去何从，我们在一起的每一天都是我人生中最为辉煌的日子。我永远属于你。
Life gets better not by chance, but by change.		生活变得美好，不是偶然，而是我们努力改变的结果。
Sometimes things just don't work out the way you thought they would.		人生不如意的事十之八九。
Claim yourself in defiance, in hope, in love, in fury, in gratitude. Claim the Light. Claim the Dark. Claim it all. Nothing can stay.		追寻自己，追求挑战、希望、爱情、愤怒、感恩，追寻光明，追寻黑暗，追寻一切，不留恋过往。
We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it, including the thorns. 		当我们下定决心面对世界上所有事物，包括荆棘难题，就已经打赢了半场战役。
From now on, I'm gonna say yes--yes to love, yes to adventure, yes to life, whatever it maybe, the answer's going to be yes.		从今天起，我要积极接受一切，接受爱，迎接挑战，拥抱生活，不管什么事，我都会勇敢地去接受。
Your life is too valuable to throw away.		你的生命非常宝贵，不要随便浪费。
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.		真正的友情是，即使两人不说话，也觉得很舒服。
It's the rule of life that everything you have always wanted comes the very second you stop looking for it.		生活就是这样，你一直想要得到的东西，总在你不再指望的那一刻姗姗来迟。
There's no point having wishes if you don't at least try to do them.		有理想，却不愿为之努力，那只是空想。
Heaven will take you back and look at you and say, "Only one thing can make a soul complete—and that thing is love."		上天会把你带走，看着你，对你说，只有一件事可以让灵魂完整，那就是爱。
Life has a value only when it has something valuable as its object.		目标有价值，生活才有价值。
The most beautiful thing is to see a person smiling. And even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it.		最美好的事，是看到某人的微笑；更美好的事，是TA因你而微笑。
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.		生活中要记住三个词：选择，机会和改变。你必须做出选择，抓住机会，否则你的生活只会一成不变。
Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance. 		世间万物都处在微妙的平衡中。
Life is like a shower. One wrong turn and you're in hot water.		生活就像淋浴，方向转错，水深火热。
Love and sense are enemies at any age.		在任何年龄，爱与理性都是对立的。
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.		这一刻全力以赴，下一刻便可占尽先机。
Opportunities are not offered. They must be wrested and worked for. And this calls for perseverance and courage.		机会不会从天而降，必须怀揣坚持与勇气去努力争取。
Sometimes the hardest part isn't letting go, but rather, learning to start over.		有时最难的并非放下过去，而是学会重新开始。
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.		要走得快，就一个人走；要走得远，就一起走。
It takes no time to fall in love, but it takes you years to know what love is.		一见钟情只在瞬息之间，而对爱大彻大悟却需要很多年。
God's plan is like a movie. All the good and bad things are arranged together for the good ending.		上天就像导演电影那样安排我们的人生，中间的起起伏伏，为的只是最后的完美收场。
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.		沉湎于虚幻的梦想而忘记现实的生活，是毫无益处的。
In prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends.		得意时，朋友识我；失意时，我识朋友。
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.		迈向任何地方的第一步，就是下决心不在原地踏步。
Every story has an end. But in life, every ending is just a new beginning.		每段故事都有一个结局。但是在人的一生中，每一个终点同时也是一个新的起点。
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.		生活不是发现你自己，而是创造你自己！
Anything unattempted remains impossible. 		不去尝试，就什么也不可能。
Sometimes happiness is just a matter of attitude adjustment.		有时候，幸福只需转变一下自己的态度。
It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.		不必变得强壮，而是让内心强大。
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.		如果你等的船没有向你驶来，那你就朝它游过去吧。
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday, face your fear and wipe your tears.		每天醒来都要变得比昨天更强大，直视恐惧，擦干泪水。
Don't be a woman who needs a man. Be a woman who a man needs.		别做一个需要男人的女人，要做一个男人需要的女人。
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.		成功是得到你想要的，幸福是想要的东西正好得到。
I will keep waiting till we meet.		我会一直等待，直到与你相遇。
You distract me. I've been distracted since the moment I met you. Because all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you.		你害我分心。从遇见你的那一刻起，你就让我分心。因为我的脑海里满满都是想吻你的冲动。
If there ever comes a day, when we can't be together, keep me in your heart. I'll stay there forever.		若不能长相厮守，请把我留在你心间，我将永驻于此。
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a lot from failure.		我认为成功没有定律，但你可以从失败中学到很多东西。
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.		今天我做了别人不愿做的事，明天我就能做到别人所不能做的事。
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.		做出改变的秘诀不是多么努力地和过去做斗争，而是全力以赴地去打造全新的自己。
Keep your eyes open and your feet moving forward. You'll find what you need.		保持眼界开阔，持续向前，你会找到想要的一切。
What we think of as fate is just two neuroses knowing that they are a perfect match.		所谓命运，只不过是两个疯子认为他们自己是天造一对，地设一双。
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.		生命是上天赐予我们的礼物，能否好好享受这个礼物，取决于我们自己。
Instead of being disappointed at where you are, think optimistically about where you are going.		与其对你现在所处的位置感到失望，不如乐观地想想你前进的方向。
Life isn't fair, but it's still good.		生活是不公平的，但还算过得去。
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.		平凡与非凡的差异仅在于那一点点额外的努力。
Believe what your heart tells you, not what others say. Your heart knows what's best.		相信你内心告诉你的，而不是别人说的。你的心知道什么是最好的。
Don't forget the things you once owned. Treasure the things you can't get. Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.		曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
I used to think the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people that make you feel all alone.		我曾以为人生最糟糕的是孤独终老，其实不是，最糟糕的是与让你倍感孤独的人一起终老。
I don't need someone who sees the good in me. I need someone who sees the bad in me and still wants me.		我不需要有人因为我的好而选择我，我希望那人看到我的不好，仍然愿意和我在一起。
Don't fear pressure, for pressure is what turns rough stones into diamonds.		不要怕压力，因为压力能把石头变成钻石。
There is only one success to be able to spend life in your own way.		只有一种成功：那就是能够用自己的方式度过一生。
Persistence is the common trait of anyone who has had a significant impact on the world.		坚持是世界上成功人士共有的品质。
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.		梦想不会奇迹般地实现，它需要汗水、决心和努力去实现。
Today, forget your past, forgive yourself and begin again.		从今天起，忘记过去，原谅自己，重新开始。
All success comes from tireless effort and pursuit, and all happiness comes from daily struggle and perseverance.		所有的成功都来自不倦的努力和奔跑；所有幸福都来自平凡的奋斗和坚持。
When something or someone is no longer adding to your life, but subtracting from it - it's time to let go.		当一些人和事不是在给你的生命加分而是减分，是时候放手了。
It takes anyone to stand by your side at your best. But it takes a special one to stand by your side at your worst.		在你鼎盛的时候，任何人都可能站在你这边；在你最低落的时候，站在你身边的只有那个特别的人。
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment.		二十岁时起支配作用的是意志，三十岁时是机智，四十岁时是判断。
The best way to predict your future is to create it.		预测未来的最好方式就是去创造它。
Life begins on the other side of despair.		在绝望的另一端，往往就是生活开始的地方。
Just make sure, you know, you appreciate those who are still there for you.		要记住，一定要珍惜那些还在你身边的亲朋好友。
Love is putting someone else's needs before yours.		爱就是把某个人看得比你自己重要。
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go.		对我而言，旅行的重点不是去哪里，而是出发。
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow. When the lamp is off, you will find the shadow everywhere. Friend is who can give you strength at last.		爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。朋友是在最后可以给你力量的人。
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.		忧虑绝不会化解明天的不幸，它只会夺走今天的快乐。
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.		有目标的人能够成功，因为他们知道他们要去哪。
Time is luck. So don't waste it living someone else's life, make yours count for something. Fight for what matters to you, no  matter what.		生即幸福，所以不要浪费生命为别人而活，要活出你自己的意义，为你热爱的事物奋斗，心无旁骛。
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.		如果你不去追求你想要的，你永远也得不到。如果你不往前走，那只能在原地待着。
Your words fall like acid rain on the wounded petals of my heart.		你的一字一句都像是冷冷的酸雨在我破碎的心上胡乱地拍。
This is a big and beautiful world. Most of us live and die in the same corner where we were born and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.		这个世界如此辽阔和美丽，而大多数人从生到死，都在同一个角落里不挪窝，没见识过别处的风景，我不想成为那种人。
Even Achilles was only as strong as his heel.		再强大的人，能力也由他的短板来决定。
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.		和朋友在黑暗里同行，好过一人在光明中独步。
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. 		享受当下的快乐，因为这一刻正是你的人生。
We make a living by what we get,but we make a life by what we give. 		生存依赖于我们得到什么，生活依赖于我们付出什么。
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but worse to regret.		永远不要放弃你真正想要的东西。等待虽难，但后悔更甚。
Only ever work on the thing that will have the biggest impact.		只去做那件影响最大的事情。
The best makeup is Smile. The best jewelry is Modesty. The best clothing is Confidence.		最好的妆容是微笑，最好的饰品是谦虚，最好的衣裳是自信。
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.		如果一切看起来尽在掌控之中，那说明你跑得不够快。
Why waste precious time dreaming when waking life is so much better?		醒着的生活如此美好，为何要把时间浪费在做梦上呢？
Don't be jealous that people have done better than you. All you need to do is to keep breaking your own record every day, for success is a fight between you and yourself.		不要羡慕别人做得比你好，只需要每天打破自己的记录，因为成功是你和自己打仗。
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.		取得成功的人，都是努力去寻找他们想要的机会，如果找不到，他们便自己创造。
It's not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry it.		将你击垮的不是压力，而是你承受压力的方式。
Better not to ignore the past but learn from it instead. Otherwise, history has a way of repeating itself.		最好不要忽略过去，而是从中得到些教训，否则，历史会不断重复上演。
You have destroyed my ability to tolerate idiots.		你毁了我容忍蠢货的能力。
It doesn't matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other.		那个小伙子是否完美，或者那个姑娘是否完美都不重要，只要他们能珠联璧合。
Do not worry about winning or losing; think of what you will gain.		别为输赢而纠结，想想你能收获什么吧。
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.		成功在很大程度上似乎就是别人放弃后，你仍然坚持下去了。
Don't give up when you still have something to give, because nothing is really over until the moment you stop trying.		当你还能给予的时候别轻言放弃。只要你不放弃，一切皆有可能。
Life is tough, and if you have the ability to laugh at it you have the ability to enjoy it.		人生很艰难，如果你有笑对人生的能力，你就有享受人生的能力。
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.		你若想得到这世界最好的东西，先得让世界看到最好的你。
Life can be unfair sometimes, but that's no reason to give up on it.		有时候，生活是不公平的，但我们却没理由对此绝望。
Knowing after all the unreturned phone calls, broken-hearts, through the blunders and misread signals, through all the pain and embarrassment you never gave up hope.		经历无数次伤心、自作多情，和数不清的痛苦尴尬后，你依然相信真爱。
Calmer heads will always prevail.		冷静才能致胜。
Winners are not those who never fail but those who never quit.		成功者不是从不失败，而是从不放弃。
Summer has come and passed. The innocent can never last. Wake me up when September ends.		夏天来了又走，纯真它从未停留，当九月结束时请你唤醒我。
Life is just like a painting. Many things make it colorful and meaningful.		生活就像一幅画，许多事情赋予了生活色彩和意义。
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow.		快乐因分享而加倍，悲伤因分担而减半。
I don't think anything is unrealistic if you believe you can do it.		我认为没有什么是不切实际，如果你相信自己做得到，就可能做得到。
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.		生命中最美好的事就是找到那个知道你所有的错误和缺点，却依然认为你很棒的人。
Forget the risk and take the fall. If it's what you want, then it's worth it all.		忘记风险，敢于担当，如果是你想要的，值得一试！
I won't insult your intelligence by explaining it to you.		我就不给你解释了，省得说我侮辱你智商。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.		没有人能回到过去重新开始，但你可以从今天开始创造一个新的结局。
A fabulous breakfast matters more than anything else.		一顿美好的早餐比什么都重要。
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up.		失败不是跌倒，而是拒绝爬起来。
It's not about who hurt you and broke you down. It's about who was always there and made you smile again.		重要的不是谁伤害了你，击垮了你，而是谁一直在你身边，让你重展笑颜。
Believe that everything happens for a reason. Expect good things to come out of challenging experiences.		要相信凡事皆有因果，面对挑战才能有好事降临。
The best things in life are free, like hugs, smiles, friends, kisses, family, love and good memories.		世间最美好的东西都是免费的，就像拥抱，微笑，朋友，亲吻，家庭，爱，美好回忆……
The important thing in Life is not triumph, but the struggle; the essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.		生活中最重要的事情不是胜利，而是奋斗；不是征服，而是拼搏。
Remember that adversity is not a dead end but a detour to a better outcome.		记住，逆境并不是尽头，而是更好结果的一个转角而已。
The problems of your past are your business. The problems of your future are my privilege.		你的过去我不愿过问，那是你的事情；你的未来我希望参与，这是我的荣幸。
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.		我们重复做什么，就会成为什么样的人，然后你会发现，优秀不是一种行为，而是一种习惯。
I used to think the worst feeling was losing someone you love. But, I was wrong. The worst feeling is the moment you have lost  yourself.		之前我一直认为，世界上最悲伤的事情就是失去你深爱的人，但是我错了。世界上最悲伤的事情是你意识到，你迷失了自我。
Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.		岁月留痕，只及肌肤；激情不再，皱起心灵。
The only way to get smarter is by playing a smarter opponent.		只有与智者对弈，才能增长智慧。
You can finish the longest road step by step. But you may be unable to finish the shortest road if you have no action of striding. 		再长的路，一步步也能走完；再短的路，不迈开双脚也无法到达。
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.		生活一直都很简单，我们却总把它搞得很复杂。
Happiness lies in the consciousness we have of it.		幸福在于自知拥有幸福。
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.		真正美好的事就是做自己，不需要被别人认可，只需要接受最真实的自我。
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.		有时候问题很复杂，而答案却很简单。
If someone wants you in their life, they'll make room for you. You shouldn't have to fight for a spot.		如果对方需要你，那么自然会为你腾出空间来。你不必为了在对方的生命里占有一席之地而苦苦挣扎。
Sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust, and when you're up, it's never as good as it seems, and when you're down, you never think you'll be up again, but life goes on.		人生有起有落。起时，你不会在意；落时，你以为爬不起。但生命仍要继续。
Success, it is not the position where you are standing, but which direction you are going.		成功，不是你所站的位置，而是你要去的方向。
Making a million friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.		交许许多多的朋友不是什么奇迹。真正的奇迹是当所有人都弃你而去的时候，还有一个朋友坚定的站在你身边。
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.		任何停止学习的人都已经老了，无论是20岁还是80岁。坚持学习的人永远年轻，人生最美好的事就是保持年轻的心。
It doesn't matter what others think of you. It only matters what you think of yourself.		不要太在意别人如何看待你；最重要的是你如何看待自己。
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.		宁可曾经爱过而失败，也不要从来未曾有过一次爱。
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.		要学会对拥有的一切怀有感恩之心。最终你会得到更多。如果你总是对那些没有得到的东西耿耿于怀，那么你永远也不会满足。
Weekends are like rainbows. They look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.		周末就像彩虹。远远看上去很美，但一旦走近，它刷地就没了。
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.		腾不出时间娱乐的人，早晚会被迫腾出时间生病。
Sometimes you have to do what's best for you and your life, not what's best for everyone else.		有时候，你必须做到最好，为了你和你的生活，而不是为别人。
You never know what you can do till you try.		不亲试一下，你永远不知道自己能够做什么。
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.		并不是你面对了，任何事情都能改变。但是你不面对，什么也改变不了。
A leader does not impose a decision, he moulds it.		领导者不强加决定于他人，他促使一个决定成形。
I have to take one thing for granted: that I will love you, until the last breath leaves my body.		有件事我认为理所应当，就是我会永远爱你，至死不渝。
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.		今天你做好的事情，将改善你未来的每一天。
You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day your order takes out and it changes your life.		你每天都在做很多看起来毫无意义的决定，但某天你的某个决定就能改变你的一生。
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.		挫折并非最惨痛的失败，真正的失败则是从未尝试。
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.		最终，我们只会后悔那些没抓住的机会，没勇气爱的人和太晚而未做出的决定。
Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly hard for them.		奇迹有时候是会发生的，但是你得为之拼命地努力。
The water is clear and the mountain is bright. The frost comes in at night. Trees are covered with deep scarlet leaves, mixed with yellow that is light.		山明水净夜来霜，数树深红出浅黄。
There is no fast track to success, and no highway to happiness. 		成功没有快车道，幸福没有高速路。
It's not what you do once in a while, it's what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.		差异不是偶尔一回，而是日复一日形成的。
There are no boundaries or barriers if two people are destined to be together.		如果两个人命中注定要在一起，那么就没有任何东西可以阻碍他们。
The greatest revenge is to accomplish what others say you cannot do.		最大的报复就是做到别人认为你做不到的事。
The greatest thing is, at any moment, to be willing to give up who we are in order to become all that we can be.		在任何时候，愿意放弃现在的自己，去成就最好的自己，都是一件伟大的事。
A smile is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body.		微笑是女人身上最美的曲线。
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.		每一次不幸、每一次失败、每一次心痛，都会孕育同样或更大的成功。
Life is like playing chess with God. Your moves are called Choices; his moves are called Challenges.		生活就像是跟老天下棋，对你而言，你走棋，那叫选择；老天走棋，那叫挑战。
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.		梦想总是跑在我前面。努力追寻它们，为了那一瞬间的同步，这就是动人的生命奇迹。
I love waking up in the morning not knowing what's gonna happen or, who I'm gonna meet, where I'm gonna wind up.		我喜欢早上起来时一切都是未知的，不知会遇见什么人，会有什么样的结局。
You can't change what has already happened. So don't waste your time thinking about it. Move on, let go and get over it.		已经发生的事你也改变不了，就别浪费时间再想它了。前进，放手，忘了它，就这么回事。
Happiness isn't about getting what you want. It's about loving and being grateful for what you have received.		幸福不是你想要什么，而是带着爱和感恩珍惜你已经得到的。
Life always has many things to bring you down. But, what can really bring you down is that you don't manage your attitude.		生命中有很多事情足以把你打倒，但真正能把你打倒的是你的心态。
Sometimes, smiles are like band-aids. They cover up the pain but it still hurts.		有时，微笑就像创可贴，虽然掩盖住了伤口，但是依然感觉到痛。
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.		如果你想要成功，这很简单：知道你在做什么，爱你做的事，相信你做的事。
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go. They merely determine where you start.		你的现状不能决定你的未来，只能决定你的起点。
Being simple is not settling for less, it is being satisfied with having just enough. Having enough is not longing for more, it is being content with having you by my side.		简约不是少，而是没有多余。足够也不是多，而是刚好你在。
Don't drive after drinking. I know you don't want to see me right now.--GOD		酒后别开车，我知道你还不想见到我。--上帝
In life, one step creates the next. Each day is of equal importance, no matter how good or bad. There is no moment in life that does not matter.		人生中，步步相随。无论好与坏，每一天都一样的重要。人生中没有一个时刻是无关紧要的。
Life is too short. Be sure that you have never had any regrets in your life.		人生短暂，一定不要给自己的人生留下什么遗憾。
The wind really chills me to the bone.		这寒风真是刺骨。
Every struggle in your life has shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times; they can only make you stronger.		你生命中的每次努力都成就了今天的你，感谢生命中那些艰难的岁月，是它们让你变得更强大。
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.		如果你竭尽全力，就没时间担心失败。
To change who you are, change who you think you are.		想要改变自己，就要先改变你对自己的看法。
The man who has never made a mistake will never make else.		从不犯错的人将一事无成。
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.		有的人在逆境中崩溃，有的人在逆境中创造奇迹。
Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.		该发生的总会发生，不管你是否为此焦虑。
A healthy mind in a healthy body: that's the only way to get the most out of life.		健康的身体里要有健康的心智，这是拥有最佳生活的唯一方法。
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.		我们都生活在阴沟里，但仍有人仰望星空。
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.		让梦想成真的最好方法就是先醒过来。
They say at the end of your life, you regret the stuff you didn't do more than the stuff that you did.		别人都说，人到暮年，比起自己做过的事，会更后悔没有做过一些事情。 
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.		人生两大选择：要么接受现状，要么接受改变现状的责任。
Anything is possible, as long as you set your mind, heart and soul to it.		世界上没有做不到的事，只要你全心全意去做。
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.		该享受时纵情享受，该忍受时拼命忍受。
Crying is the refuge of plain women. Pretty women go shopping.		平庸的女人靠哭泣来逃避痛苦，而美丽的女人则去购物。
Nobody gets to live life backwards. Look ahead, that's where your future lies.		谁也不能回到过去。向前看，那才是你未来的所在。
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.		你能经历的最大冒险，就是过你梦想的生活。
We all grow into the beautiful person that we're supposed to be. Some earlier, some later.		我们最终都会成为自己梦想成为的那个人，只是有些人早一些，有些人晚一些。
Happiness is always knocking on your door and you just gotta let it in.		幸福总会敲门，你只需要开门让它进来。
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.		笑是滋补品，是缓解和终止痛苦的灵药。
Calling somebody else fat won't make you any skinnier. Calling someone stupid doesn't make you any smarter. All you can do in life is try to solve the problem in front of you.		笑别人胖不能让自己瘦，说别人傻不能让自己聪明。你的人生就是解决自己面临的问题。
I must say a word about fear. It is life’s only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life.		这里必须说说恐惧，它是生活惟一真正的对手，因为只有恐惧才能打败生活。
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.		有时候需要狠狠摔一跤，才知道自己站在哪儿。
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.		只有那些甘愿冒险不断前行的人，才能够清楚的了解自己能走多远。
Life doesn't get easier. It's you that do get stronger.		生活从未变得轻松，是你在一点一点强大。
You are richer today if you have laughed, given or forgiven.		只要你今天笑过、给予过或宽恕过，你就比昨天更富有。
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.		人只能活一次，如果你能以正确的方式活着，一次足矣。
Life is measured by thought and action, not by time.		生命的价值是用思想和行为来衡量的，而不是寿命的长短。
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.		人是思想的产物。心里想的是什么，就会变成什么样的人。--甘地
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure will turn to glorious success.		再多一点点毅力，多付出一点点努力，看似无望的失败也会转化成辉煌的成功。
Even if we can't be together in the end, I'm glad you were a part of my life.		即使最后我们无法在一起，我依然会感激生命中有你。
Maybe it doesn't matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we embark.		或许，人生重要的不是我们走了哪条路，而是我们是否迈出了脚步。
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.		沟通最重要的是，听出潜台词。
Sometimes silence expresses more than words do.		有时候，沉默比话语表达得更多。
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.		今天就开始改变你的生活。不要把赌注下在明天，快行动，别拖沓。
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.		我们生活中的许多失败，是因为人们在放弃的时候没有认识到他们距离成功有多么近。
My advice to you is to get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.		我给你的建议是去结婚吧，如果娶了个贤妻，你会成为幸福的人；如果取了个悍妇，你会成为哲学家。
Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it.		有些人还在继续梦想成功时，另一些人却已经醒来努力为之奋斗了。
Work hard in silence. Let your success be your noise.		在沉默中努力，让成功自己发声。
Sometimes all doors may be closed for you, but remember, they aren't locked.		有时候，在你看来，所有的门似乎都关上了，但请记住，关上并不代表锁上。
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead you anywhere spectacular.		太容易的路，可能根本不能带你去任何地方。
Do not , for one repulse , give up the purpose that you resolved to effect .		不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。
There is no substitute for hard work. First in, last out.		努力没有替代品，最先开始，最后离开。
Only by coming to grips with difficulty can you realize your full potential.		唯有直面及处理困难，你才能够发挥自己最大的潜能。
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode, but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul.		女人的美丽不是表面的，应该是她的精神层面。
Everyone needs to have a good laugh now and then, to see the funny side of things, and to laugh at himself.		人有时总需要开怀大笑，看看事情轻松的一面，并懂得自嘲。
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.		任何成就都是从决定尝试开始。
It's always helpful to learn from your mistakes because then your mistakes seem worthwhile.		从错误中学习总是有益的，你的错误将因此变得值得。
Nothing is so common-place as to wish to be remarkable.		没有什么比希望不平凡而更平凡的了。
The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it.		达到目标的最好办法就是投入自己百分百的时间和精力去完成它。
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress.		世界上的事没有绝对成功，只有不断的进步。
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.		请记住：现在的每一天都是一年中最美好的一天。
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.		不做准备，那就准备失败吧。
Don't complain about things you are not willing to work hard to change.		如果你不愿意努力去改变，那就不要抱怨。
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.		庆祝成功是好事，但汲取失败的教训更重要。
We mustn't fear daylight just because it almost always illuminates a miserable world.		我们绝对不能因为阳光几乎只会照耀出一个悲惨的世界而惧怕它。
The will to survive is extraordinary and at times overwhelming, capable of fashioning some form of normality even out of the darkest hour.		人的求生意志是无比强烈的，有时甚至压倒一切，这意志使他们即便身处最黑暗的时刻也能坦然面对。
The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self.		真正的高贵在于超越过去的自己。
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that's when we find out just how strong we really are.		我们都有绝望的时候，只有在勇敢面对时，才知道自己有多坚强。
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.		不去尝试你已经熟练以外的事，你不会得到成长。
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.		有些人会渐露平庸，有些人会小有所成，还有人会出类拔萃，但偶尔才会遇上一个光彩夺目的人，当你真正遇到，就发现其他都是浮云。
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.		疯狂就是重复做一件事，并期待不同的结果。
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.		享受生活，快快乐乐，这才是最重要的。
Don't worry if you have had a bad day. We each have a reset button. It's called tomorrow.		如果你今天过得很糟糕，别担心，我们都有一个重置按钮叫做“明天”。
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.		成功很简单：在合适的时间用恰当的方式做正确的事。
For me life has got to be an adventure. Enjoy every minute of it.		在我看来，人生应该是一场冒险。享受每一分钟的生活！
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe.		一个人必须在社会中不断挣扎求存，才能不被茫茫人海湮灭。
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.		带着希望旅行比到达目的地更美好。
Don't tell me I can't do it. Don't tell me it can't be done.		别告诉我这我做不到，别告诉我这事做不成。
Never let the demands of tomorrow interfere with the pleasures and excitement of today.		永远别让明天的期待，影响你享受今天的时光。
We dream and we build. We never give up; we never quit.		我们有梦想，努力去实现。绝不放弃，绝不退缩。
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.		一个人的出身并不重要，重要的是他成长为什么样的人！
You will never have what you like until you learn to like what you have.		要得到你喜欢的东西，应先学会喜欢你已有的东西。
The reading of all good books is like a  conversation with the finest men of past centuries.		读好书，就如同和过去世界上最杰出的人谈话。
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.		走到你能看到的最远处，当走到那，将能看得更远。
The size of a man may be measured by the size of the things that make him angry.		一个人的肚量取决于让他生气的事情的大小。
Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.		说个不停不一定是交流。
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.		想提高就要改变，想达到完美就要不断改变。
The past can hurt. But from the way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it.		过去是痛楚的，但我认为你要么可以逃避，要么可以向它学习。
Life is a journey, not a destination.		人生就是一场旅行，而不是一个终点。
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.		如果你爱生活，那就不要浪费时间，因为生活就是由时间组成的。
Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.		只要你想得到，只要你相信，就一定能做到！
You can't reach for anything new, if your hands are still full of yesterdays junk.		如果你的双手仍被昨天的垃圾占据，你就无法获得任何新鲜的东西。
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.		每一个不曾起舞的日子，都是对生命的辜负。
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.		为达成任何有意义的事，需要三个关键条件，第一是努力，第二是坚持，第三是常理判断。
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, then he can really change the world.		那些疯狂到以为自己能改变世界的人，才能真正改变世界。
No matter what label is thrown your way, only you can define yourself.		不管你被贴上什么标签，只有你才能定义你自己。--电影
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time. It is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.		为做过的事而产生的悔恨会因时间而被慢慢平抚；为没做过的事而后悔却是无法被平抚的。
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.		感恩始于感谢之心，谢意正好完成了感恩。感恩也许只是些许的文字，感谢却要以行动去表达。
There is nothing noble in being superior to some other man. The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self. 		优于别人，并不高贵，真正的高贵应该是优于过去的自己。
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.		悲观主义者在每个机会里看到困难；乐观主义者在每个困难里看到机会。
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile. 		战胜自己是最首要、最伟大的胜利，无法克制自己是最令人羞愧、最可怜的失败。
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.		成功的秘诀是：经历人生，就像一个永远不会疲惫的人。
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.		现实仅仅是一种假象，挥之不去得假象。	
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. 	 		即便是再微小不过的事情，你也要用心去做，这就是成功的秘密。
There is no doubt that good things will come, and when it comes, it will be a surprise. 			毋庸置疑，好的事情总会到来。而当它来晚时，也不失为一种惊喜。--电影
Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us. 		骄傲多数情况下，无非是我们对自己的看法，但虚荣却指的是我们过于看重其他人对我们的评价。--电影
No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace, as I have seen in one autumnal face.		无论是春天的俏还是夏天的美，都没有秋天的这份优雅。
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive. 		我们不仅仅需要目标来保持前进的动力。我们需要有目标才能真正活下去。
A new day will come. And when the sun shines, it will shine out the clearer...Folk in these stories had lots of chances of turning back, they kept going because they trust that's some good in this world.			崭新的一天将会来临，太阳也会散发出更明亮的光芒。这些故事中的主角，有很多机会半途而废，但他们永往直前，因为他们相信这世上一定存在着善良。--电影
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.			实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.			无论何事，只要对它有无限的热情你就能取得成功。
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. 		那些听不见音乐的人认为那些跳舞的人疯了。
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.		在我们的梦想及抱负里，找到我们的机会。
Home is the place where, when you have to go there,they have to take you in.			无论何时何地,家永远是向游子敞开大门的地方。	
Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will. To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. 			尽管被时间消磨，被命运削弱，依旧去奋斗、探索、寻求，而不屈服。--丁尼生
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; and ,after that, to enjoy it , only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.			人的一生有两大目标：第一，得到你想要的东西；第二，享有你得到的东西。只有最聪明的人才能实现第二目标。
The principal thing in this world is to keep one's soul aloft.			人生在世，首要大事就是保持灵魂的高尚。
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.			幸福不在于拥有金钱，而在于获得成就时的喜悦以及产生创造力的激情。
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.			今天，给一个陌生人送上你的微笑吧。很可能，这是他一天中见到的唯一的阳光。
Happiness is within. It has nothing to do with how much applause you get or how many people praise you. Happiness comes when you believe that you have done something truly meaningful.		快乐是发自内心的。它与你获得了多少掌声，赢得了多少赞扬无关。快乐的真正意义在于，你相信，自己所奋斗的一切都有意义。	
Reading makes a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man.		阅读使人充实，交谈使人机智，写作使人精确。
A mother's voice is the most beautiful sound in the world.			世界上有一种最美丽的声音，那便是母亲的呼唤。	
A beautiful form is better than a beautiful face; a beautiful behavior than a beautiful form. 			美丽的外形胜于美丽的脸蛋，美丽的举止胜于美丽的外形。
Genius only means hard-working all one's life .		天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。  	
Cease to struggle and you cease to live.			生命不止，奋斗不息。	
You make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. 			你给了我难以想像的幸福。如果你愿意，我愿意用我的一生让你感受到同样的幸福。--	
Mind and Hand.		理论与实践并重。--麻省理工学院校训
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.			时间与耐心是最强大的两个战士。	
The difference in winning and losing is most often…not quitting.		赢和输的区别在于，大部分的时候….不要放弃。	
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.		 我宁可做我爱做的事而失败，也不要做我讨厌的事而成功。
Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.			成功的人也会遇到很多问题，他们只是坚信没有东西可以阻止他们前进。
When the going gets tough, the tough gets going．			艰难之路，唯勇者行。	
To do nothing is the way to be nothing.			没有任何行动是通往一事无成的途径。	
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.		很多人希望获得大的快乐，因而错失小的乐趣。	
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What's essential is invisible to the eyes.			一个人只有用心去看，才能看到真实。事情的真相只用眼睛是看不见的。--	
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. 		我能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。	
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.			生活中的唯一限制是我们加诸在自己身上的。	
All I am, or can be, I owe to my angel mother. 			我之所有，我之所能，都归功于我天使般的母亲。	
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire, the size of your dream, and how you handle disappointment along the way.			成功是由你欲望的力量，梦想的大小，以及你如何处理一路上的失望来衡量的。
Life gives us choices…you either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.			人生有很多选择… 你不是双手握住索性跟着走，就是坐在一旁观看。
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.			人们常说某些事会随时间改变，但事实上你必须自己改变它们。	
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.			克服困难的条件一直都很简单。我们只需要努力一会儿、坚持一会儿、永远保持信念，且绝不折返。	
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe that it is possible.			实现“不可能”的唯一办法就是相信它是可能的。--	
If you're quiet, you're not living. You've got to be noisy and colorful and lively.		生活，没必要太过安静。只有喧闹、多姿多彩且活泼生动才能算是真正的生活。
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator.			失败是一个学习经验，它教你谦逊，让你更努力，它也是一个强大的激励来源。
People who live the most fulfilling lives are the ones who are always rejoicing at what they have.		永远对所拥有感到欣喜的人，是生活最富足的人。
The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest men of past centuries.			读好书，如同与先哲们交谈.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.			你的人生主要不是取决于生活带给你什么，而是你带何种态度至生活里。
In order to do something you've never done, you have to become someone you've never been.			为了做你从没做过的事，你必须成为另外一个人。	
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.		我们都有自己要追求的人生，自己要编织的梦想，我们都有能力实现愿望，只要我们持续相信。	
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world. The unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.		理性的人让自己适应世界；非理性的人坚持让世界适应自己。
Life is a series of collisions with the future. It is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be. 		生活就是一连串与未来的碰撞，它不是我们过去的总和，而是我们对于未来的渴望。	
You're never a loser until you quit trying.		你从来都不会成为输家，除非你停止尝试。
The course of true love never did run smooth. 			真爱无坦途。--莎士比亚	
There are three constants in life…change, choice and principles.		生活中有三样是不变的：改变，选择和原则。
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.			被击垮通常只是暂时的，但如果你放弃的话，就会使它成为永恒。
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance. 		成大事者，凭毅力而非气力也。
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.		大多数人都把时间和精力浪费在了问题本身，而不是试着解决问题。
Confidence, never deny yourself of it, for it costs you nothing and leads to great things.			一定要时刻保持自信，它不花你一毛钱但可以带你至很棒的境界。	
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures, so I did ten times more work.		我年轻时发现，我所做的十件里有九件失败，所以我增加十倍的努力。
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.			如果一个人并不能享受阅读的乐趣，那阅读这件事就毫无意义可言。	
You manifest what you believe, not what you want.			在你身上所体现的，是你所相信的东西，而非你所想要的东西。
You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.		做不想做的事可能会失败，倒不如给自己一个机会做你爱做的事。	
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.			人总是有足够的时间，如果他好好利用。--歌德
True liberty is to have power over oneself in all things.			真正的自由是在所有时候都能控制自己。--蒙田
Sometimes, the perfect person for you is the one you least expect. 			有时候，最适合你的人，恰恰是你最没有想到的那个人。--	
The most difficult thing is the decision to act. The rest is merely tenacity.		最困难的是下决定，剩下的就要坚持了。	
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself.			一般而言，天生的能力对人的一生影响不大，真正影响他一生的是如何造就自己。
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.			聪明但没有抱负，有如没有翅膀的鸟。	
Happiness hides in life's small details. If you're not looking, it becomes invisible.			快乐隐藏在生活的细节里，不留意就难以察觉。	
Go placidly, amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.			怡然行走于喧嚣繁忙中，莫忘寂静中或有之平和。
The only way to survive was to enjoy the good moments and not dwell too much on the bad. 		生活，就应该享受美好的时刻，切莫执着于不好的瞬间。
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.			当我们表达感谢时，我们绝不能忘记感恩的最高形式不是说出的话，而是实际的作为。
When a man has put a limit on what he will do, he has put a limit on what he can do.			当一个人为自己将做的事设限，他也为自己能做的事设限。	
That there was no room for unhappiness as long as I was free. 			只要我是自由的，便没有不快乐的时刻。--
In every triumph, there's a lot of try.			每个胜利背后都有许多尝试。	
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.			保持面朝阳光，你将不会见到阴暗。
It is precisely the possibility of realizing a dream that makes life interesting.			有机会实现梦想让人生变得有趣。	
Adventure is a state of mind and spirit. It comes with faith, for with complete faith, there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.		冒险是一种心态和精神。与之而来的是绝对的信念，这样无论生死，都无所畏惧。	
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.		当你专注把事情做好，或做得比原来更好，任何事情都可以创新。
And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you. 			如果上帝赋予我美貌和财富，我一定要使你难以离开我，就像现在我难以离开你。--
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.			美，可以从一个人的眼神中看到，但更重要的，它来自于内心。
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.			崎岖不平的道路将通往伟大崇高之地。
You aspire to do great things? Begin with little ones.			想成就大事，就要从小事开始。
Never reject an idea, dream or goal because it will be hard work. Success rarely comes without it.		绝不要因为怕辛苦而拒绝一个想法、梦想或是目标，成功的路上难免伴随辛苦。
You don't overcome challenges by making them smaller but by making yourself bigger.			想要克服困难，不是把困难最小化，而是自己努力变得更强大。	
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.		人不仅需要勇气站起来说话，也需要勇气坐下来倾听。	
Life is too short to waste. Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action.		人生短暂，怎能虚度！梦想要靠行动来实现，绝非无终止的计划。
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.			要么书写值得阅读的事情，要么做值得被书写的事情。	
Done is better than perfect.			期望完美往往抵不过完成一件事。	
Govern your thoughts when alone, and your tongue when in company.			闲谈勿论人非，静坐常思己过。	
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done.			你有多努力无需多谈，重要的是你完成了多少计划之中的事。	
The man who attracts luck carries with him the magnet of preparation.		吸引好运的人，总是在时刻准备着。	
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.			不做孤注一掷的事是智慧的表现。	
Oliver went up to the master, with his bowl in his hand. He felt very frightened, but also desperate with hunger.			奥利弗站了起来，手里捧着碗，胆战心惊地朝管事的走了过去。他极度饥饿又心存恐惧。
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.			人生成功的秘密在于，当机会来临时，他已准备好。	
I love three things in the world, the sun, the moon and you. The sun for the day. The moon for the night and you forever.			世之万物，吾爱有三：一曰为日，一曰为月，一曰为汝。日出昼也，月升夜也，爱汝恒也！
Every new day begins with possibilities. It's up to us to fill it with the things that move us toward progress and peace. 		以无限的可能性开始每一天。我们本身决定着这一天是否进步或安心。
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.			跌得越重，反弹得就越高。
The most wonderful thing about love is that it turns you and me to us.  		爱情中最美好的事，莫过于你和我，最终成为我们。	
Time erodes all such beauty, but what it cannot diminish is the wonderful workings of your mind, your humor, your kindness and your moral courage.		时间可以吞噬一切，但它丝毫不能减少的是你伟大的思想、幽默、善良和勇气。--
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.			你能给别人的最好礼物，是无条件的爱与包容。	
Much effort, much prosperity.			越努力，越幸运。	
Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.		感恩生活中所有，是所有富足的基础。
It is impossible to win the great prizes in life without running risks.		不冒险，怎么能赢得人生中的种种精彩？
You never saw a very busy person who was unhappy.		你从没见过一个忙碌的人不快乐。
For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.			生命不会后退，也不在过去停留。	
Home. I'll go home. And I'll think of someway to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.		家，我会回家，想办法让他回来。不管怎样，明天又是全新的一天。--
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.		想你所想，去看、去感受、去相信。心里画一个蓝图，并努力让它绚烂多彩。
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.		如果你只经历过美好，何来勇敢？
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.		爱是当另一个人的快乐影响你自己的快乐。
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there –you must go beyond them.		没有所谓的极限，看似险难的高原，你不是待在那里，而是超越它。
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.		别让你不能做的事妨碍到你能做的事。
It matters not what you are thought to be, but what you are.		重要的不是别人怎么看你，而是你是怎样的人。
Once there were no two hearts so open, no feelings so in harmony. Now we are strangers, worse than strangers, for we may never become acquainted. 		曾经的相濡以沫，到如今的形同陌路，甚至还不如路人，一切都回不去了。--简·奥斯汀
If all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger. I should not seem a part of it.		如果你不在了，无论这个世界有多么好，它在我眼里也只是一片荒漠，而我就像是一个孤魂野鬼。--
Making millions of  friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.		朋友无数也敌不过当所有人都弃你而去时，有一个能坚定地站在你身旁。
The loving person makes other people feel good, and he is usually a happy person himself.		有爱心的人让人感到舒服，而他自己通常也是个快乐的人。
Instead of complaining about it, I'm just gonna go in every day and give it my all. 		与其抱怨不停，不如卯足劲儿全力去做好它。--
Make each day count by setting specific goals to succeed, then putting forth every effort to exceed your own expectations.		每天设定一个目标，然后努力做到完美，甚至超乎你的想象。
Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination. Do not become the slave of your model.		不要熄灭你的灵感及想像，不要成为你楷模的奴隶。--梵高
There are many more people trying to meet the right person than to become the right person.		很多人想遇到对的人，而不是让自己成为对的人。
 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation.		 从希望中得到欢乐，在苦难中保持坚韧。
Sentimental children forever whining about how bitterly unfair your lives have been. Well,it may have escaped you notice, but life isn't fair.		你这个令人失望多愁善感的小子，只会苦涩地抱怨生活多不公平。你可能没有注意到，生活本来就是不公平的。
Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes. 		生活中有很多小确幸，那些看似微不足道的收获，却正是快乐之所在。
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory.		满足感在于不断的努力，而不是现有成就。全心努力定会胜利满满。
I’ve probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don’t want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.		或许偶尔弄糟一切，但我不希望对失败的恐惧阻碍我做真正想做的事。
Truly, would you not for less than that make the tour around the world? 		讲真，难道人们真的不可能用更短的时间来环游地球一周吗？--
In your pursuit of your passions, always be young. In your relationship with others, always be grown-up.		追求兴趣时保持年轻，与人相处时保持成熟。
It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else’s life with perfection.		不完美地走自己的命运比完美地模仿别人的生活还要好。
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.		快乐的艺术是由平凡提取快乐的能力。
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.		这世界的美好之处不在于我们所处的位置，而在于我们所要到达的远方。
Protect your innocence. Our innocence allows us to do what the practical mind prohibits.		保护你的纯真，它让我们有勇气去做实际心态所不允许的事。
Making someone happy is perhaps the humblest way of approaching happiness.		获取快乐的最简单方法或许就是让他人感受到你的快乐。
Action is the real measure of intelligence.		行动是智慧的真正衡量标准。
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.		世上最美好的事物看不着也摸不到，它们只能用心感觉。
Happiness belongs to  those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.		快乐属于那些敢于梦想，并且时刻准备去实现梦想的人。
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.		很多人觉得他们在思考，但实际上只是重新安排自己的偏见。
In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.		在一个瞬息万变的世界里，不冒任何险是唯一保证会失败的策略。
Mental attitude plays a far more important role in a person's success or failure than mental capacity.		对于一个人的成功与失败，态度所扮演的角色比能力更重要许多。
It is not in the still calm of life, or in the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed.		伟大的人格，不会形成于平静的生活，或无风的太平洋港。
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.		朋友是了解你的全部且仍然爱你的人。
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.		如果我看得比其他人远，那是因为我站在巨人的肩膀上。
The most important quality for an investor is temperament, not intellect.		投资人最重要的品质不是智慧，而是性情。--巴菲特
Readers are plentiful. Thinkers are rare.		阅读的人很多，但思考的人很少。
Live out of your imagination, not your history.		以你的想像，不是你的过去来生活。
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.		别让过去之事占据今天太多时间。
Find something you're passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.		善于发现自己的喜好，并对它保持极大兴趣。
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.		你能为世界做最好的事，就是完全发挥自己的才能。
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.		重要的是不要停止疑问，好奇心有其存在的理由。
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.		你不一定要获胜，但你必须不断尝试，每天表现你最好的一面。
Our greatest enemies, the ones we must fight most often, are within.		我们最大的敌人和最常遇到的敌人，就在我们的心里。
The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give. In any case, the giving of love is an education in itself.		最重要的不是你得到什么而是给了什么。任何情况下，爱的付出本身就是一门学问。
Never let fear or shame keep you from celebrating the unique people that you are.		绝不要让害怕或羞怯，阻止你欣赏自己的独一无二。
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.		妈妈说生活就像一盒巧克力，你永远都不知道你会得到什么。（
Money is not everything. There's MasterCard.		钞票不是万能的, 有时还需要信用卡。
The story of Syria's civil war is one of loss - loss of country, loss of society, loss of dignity, loss of life.		叙利亚内战是社会、尊严、生命乃至整个国家的一种损失。
He cheated death. No, he made a promise to death that he didn't keep.		他欺骗了死神。不，应该说是他向死神做出了承诺，却没有遵守诺言。--电影
Fear of death is worse than death itself.		畏惧死亡比死亡本身更糟糕。--
And when we come together, combine the light that shines within. There is nothing we can't do, there is no battle we can't win.		当我们在一起时，光会更亮。没有什么是我们做不了的，没有我们赢不了的比赛。
For I know that my Redeemer lives, and that at the last he will stand up on the earth; and after my skin has been thus destroyed, then in my flesh I shall see God. 		 我知道我的救赎主活着，末了必站在地上。我这皮肉灭绝之后，我必在肉体之外得见上帝。-- 
The power of the wind is at your command.The balance of power must be preserved.		风之化身听候您的差遣！力量的均衡必须维持！
Hard work never killed anybody. But why take the risk.		努力工作不会导致死亡，不过我不会用自己去证明。
I'm just a little bit caught in the middle. Life is a maze and love is a riddle, I don't know where to go, can't do it alone.		我有点儿左右两难，生活是座迷宫，爱是个谜，我不知道该去哪儿，我一个人做不到。
My flower is ephemeral, and she has only four thorns to defend herself against the world． And I have left on my planet, all alone！		我的花生命是短暂的，她只有四根刺可以保护自己，抵御世界，我却将她独自留在我的星球上了！
People die, but books never die. No man and no force can abolish memory.		人会死亡，书却无朽。没有任何人可以丢弃记忆。--富兰克林·罗斯福
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.––Albert Einstein		只有那些努力完成荒谬的事才有可能实现不可能。--爱因斯坦
Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation.		下定决心，果断行动，并承担后果。在这世界上犹豫不决成就不了任何事。
This moment nap, you will have a dream. But this moment study, you will interpret a dream.		此刻打盹，你将做梦；而此刻学习，你将圆梦。
“You know, I'm really glad you decided to learn Mandarin.” “Why?”   “Once you're fluent, you'll have a billion more people to annoy instead of me.”		“话说，你终于要学普通话了我还真高兴。”  “为嘛？” “等你说顺溜了，有十多亿中国人民等着你去烦，你就不用来烦我了。”  
You don't become what you want, you become what you believe. 		不是成为你想要的，而是成为你所相信的。
I figure life is a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You never know what hand you're going to get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you.		我觉得生命是一份礼物,我不想浪费它,你不会知道下一手牌会是什么,要学会接受生活。
Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow .		进步是今天的活动、明天的保证。
If they throw stones at you, don't throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.		如果别人朝你扔石头，就不要扔回去了，留着作你建高楼的基石。
It’s better to be alone than to be with someone you’re not happy to be with.		宁愿一个人呆着，也不要跟不合拍的人呆一块。
 Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.		麻烦没来找你，就别去自找麻烦。
You can learn great things from your mistakes when you aren't busy denying them.		当你不再急于否认错误时，你就学到了重要的一课。
Land? Land is a ship too big for me. It’s a woman too beautiful, it’s a voyage too long, a perfume too strong, it’s music I don’t know how to make.		陆地？对我来说，陆地是艘太大的船，是位太美的美女。是条太长的航程，是瓶太香的香水，是篇无从弹奏的乐章。
There are more things between heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy. 　		在这天地间有许多事情是人类哲学所不能解释的。
 The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.-- Mark Twain		保持身体健康的唯一办法，就是吃点你不想吃的，喝点你不想喝的，以及做点你不愿做的事情。——马克·吐温
Behind the fear of an ideal you, you create the fear, you can beat him.		 恐惧的背后有一个理想的你，恐惧是你自己创造，你也可以打败他。
I can accept defeat but could not accept to give up .		我可以接受失败，但不能接受放弃.
We learn to let go of things and people that hurt us in the past and just move on. For life is all about moving on.		我们学着放开过去伤害我们的人和事，学着只向前看。因为生活本来就是一往直前的。
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted. 		不要后悔做任何事情，因为曾经有个时候，那正是你想要的。
Life's a little bit messy. We all make mistakes. No matter what type of animal you are, change starts with you.		生活总会有点不顺意，我们都会犯错。天性如何并不重要，重要的是你开始改变。
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one, just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had. 		每当你觉得想要批评什么人的时候，你切要记着，这个世界上的人并非都具备你禀有的条件。
To be a person who knows how to be silent and always keep aspiring.		做一个适时懂得缄默而始终持有骨架的人。
Be confident with yourself and stop worrying what other people think. Do what's best for your future happiness.		对自己要自信，别再管其它人怎么想了，为了未来幸福全力以赴吧！ 
I am a slow walker,but I never walk backwards. 		我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。
I don't want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant.		我不想和别人一样，即便这个别人是乔丹。
I believe I am.Born as the bright summer flowers.Do not withered undefeated fiery demon rule. 		我相信自己，生来如同璀璨的夏日之花。不凋不败，妖冶如火。
Is life always this hard,or is it just when you are a kid?Always like this. 		人生总是那么艰难吗？还是只有孩童时这样？  总是如此。
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift, that is why it’s called present！		昨天已成为历史，明天是未知的，而今天是上天赐予我们的礼物，这就是为什么我们把它叫做现在！
A single hand that wipes tears during failures is much better than countless hands that come together to clap on success.  		失败时有人伸出一只手来为你擦泪，会好过成功时无数人伸手为你鼓掌。
A soldier would rather face a firing squad a thousand times over than just once have to look his own colleagues in the eye knowing he had failed them.		一名军人宁愿被行刑队枪毙一千次，也不愿让战友看见自己逃命的背影。
The greatest contest is always with the enemy within,and that battleground can be the loneliest place on earth.		同自己内心的敌人斗争永远是最艰苦的，那片战场也是地球上最孤独的地方。
Real dream is the other shore of reality.		真正的梦就是现实的彼岸。
Every man dies, not every man really lives.		任何人都将会死去，然而并不是每个人都真真正正的活过。
All my life, I've only been pretending. Without me, his world will go on turning. A world that's full of happiness that I have never known.		这一生不过是自欺欺人罢了。没有我他的世界依然如故，那里满是我从未体会过的幸福。
The more we do, the more we can do. The busier we are, the more leisure we have.		事越做越会做，人越忙越有空。
Sadness is easier because its surrender.		悲伤很容易，因为那是投降。
Don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we’re all just floating around accidental—like on a breeze.		我不懂我们是否有着各自的命运，还是只是到处随风飘荡。 
 We must hang together, or we'll be hanged separately.		我们必须团结在一起，否则我们将被一个个绞死。 
But all sunshine without shade, all pleasure without pain, is not life at all. 		但只有阳光没有阴影，只有快乐没有痛苦，根本不是真正的生活。 
The cloud stood humbly in a corner of the sky. The morning crowned it with splendor.		白云谦卑地站在天边，晨光给它披上壮丽的光彩。--泰戈尔
Baby you've done enough that cut your breath.Don't beat yourself up don't need to turn so fast.Sometimes we come last but we did our best.		你已经受够了白费力气，请不要自暴自弃，也不必太快抽离，有时我们终能实现梦想只要我们竭尽全力。
Human life,like flood water and do not hear of islands and reefs,it is difficult to create beautiful waves.		人的生命，似洪水奔流，不遇着岛屿和暗礁，难以激起美丽的浪花。
Stay hungry,stay foolish.		求知若饥，虚心若愚。  
Smell the cheese often so you may know when it is getting old.		经常闻一闻你的奶酪，你就会知道，它什么时候开始变质。
The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.		那只敏捷的棕色狐狸跳过了一只懒惰的狗。
Which would be worse,to live as a monster or to die as a good man?		哪种情况更糟糕，是做个白痴活着，还是做个正常人死去？
I suddenly feel myself like a doll,acting all kinds of joys and sorrows.There are lots of shining silvery thread on my back,controlling all my action. 		我突然就觉得自己像个华丽的木偶,演尽了所有的悲欢离合,可是背上总是有无数闪亮的银色丝线,操纵我哪怕一举手一投足。
To lost in something you love is better than to win in something you hate.		宁可失败在你喜欢的事情上，也不要成功在你所憎恶的事情上。
In the day of prosperity be joyful,but in the day of adversity consider.		遇亨通的日子，你当喜乐；遭患难的日子，你当思想。
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. 		人类拥有一强而有力的武器，叫作欢笑。
The loneliest place on earth is looking in a mirror and being ashamed of who you see.		世界上最孤独的就是当你照镜子时，会为镜子里的人感到羞愧
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it. 		我天生对爱有巨大的需求，而且有强烈的愿望去给予爱。——奥黛丽·赫本
Do not argue with an idiot.He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.		你永远不能战胜一个彻头彻尾的傻子，因为他会把你的智商拉到跟他一样的水平，然后用丰富的经验打败你。
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.		携书如历三千世，无书唯度一平生。
Some of us get dipped in flat,some in satin,some in gloss.But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent,and when you do,nothing will ever compare.		有人住高楼,有人在深沟,有人光万丈,有人一身锈,世人万千种,浮云莫去求,斯人若彩虹,遇上方知有。  
The happiest people do not necessarily have the best of all.They simply appreciate what they find on their way. 		最快乐的人不是一定要拥有最好的一切，他们只是简单地珍惜着他们一路走来所寻找到的东西。
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.		一个不成熟的男子的标志是他愿意为某种事业英勇地死去，一个成熟的男子的标志是他愿意为某种事业卑贱地活着。
I cannot tell why this heart languishes in silence. It is for small needs it never asks, or knows or remembers.		我说不出这心为甚么那样默默地颓丧着。是为了它那不曾要求，不曾知道，不曾记得的小小的需要。
There is more day to dawn.The sun is but a morning star. 		破晓的日子多着呢，太阳不过是一个晨星。
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.		打造自己的梦想，否则你就会被雇用去打造别人的梦想。
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.		有钱的单身汉总要娶位太太，这是一条举世公认的真理。
Happiness is different from pleasure. Happiness has something to do with struggling and enduring and accomplishing.”		快乐跟愉悦不同，快乐是有关奋斗、坚持和完成。
What is right to be done cannot be done too soon.		越该做的事，就越急不得。--简·奥斯汀
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.		知识给你力量，品格给你别人的尊敬。--李小龙
Everything comes to you in the right moment. Be patient. Be grateful. 		每一样东西都会在对的时间出现，请怀着耐心和感恩去等待。
Maybe there's something fate can't touch, fate doesn't control how easily you come to peace.		或许这世界上还有命运无法触及的东西吧，它无法掌控你寻找心灵宁静的脚步。 
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.		人生如同电影，写自己的结局，持续相信，继续演出。
No matter what type of animal you are, change starts with you.		天性如何并不重要，重要的是你开始改变。--电影
Youth fades. Love droops. The leaves of friendship fall. A mother's secret hope outlives them all.		青春会逝去，爱情会枯萎，友谊也会凋零。而一个母亲内心的希望比它们都要长久。
The scabbard is content to be dull when it protects the keenness of the sword.		刀鞘保护刀的锋利，它自己却满足于迟钝。--泰戈尔
Energy and persistence conquer all things.		能量加毅力可以征服一切。--本杰明·富兰克林
Nothing seek, nothing find.		无所求便无所得
He who seizes the right moment, is the right man.		把握机遇的人，才能心想事成。--歌德
There are only two kinds of people who are really fascinating, people who know absolutely everything, and people who know absolutely nothing. 		只有两种人最令人着迷：一种是无所不知的人，另一种是一无所知的人。
When a doctor doctors another doctor, does he doctor the doctored doctor the way the doctored doctor wants to be doctored?		当一个医生给另一个医生诊断，这个医生诊断的方法是被诊断医生所期望的吗？
The last thing you want is to look back on your life and wonder if only.		人生最不希望的事情就是，回忆往昔，心想如果当初。
World is a fine place and worth fighting for. I agree with the second part.		世界很美好，值得我为之奋斗。我只同意后半句。
The lake is like an open book, day like the steady gaze of a reader.		湖泊像一本翻开的书，白昼像一位读者恒久的凝视。
Our life is a movement, a tendency, a steady, ceaseless progress towards an unseen goal.		生命是一种运动，一种趋势，一个稳步、持续地通往一个不可见的目标的过程。
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in the pockets.		双手插在口袋里是无法攀上成功阶梯的。--阿诺德·施瓦辛格
I gave up trying not to smile as we danced. It was too easy to lose myself in his eyes and arms. I wanted to move like this with him forever, gliding across the gym floor to nonexistent music.		我们继续跳着，而我也不再掩饰笑意。我很轻易就沉浸在他的眼神与臂弯里了。我想要像这样和他永远跳下去，在没有音乐的体育馆地板上滑动着。
I like the dreams of the future better than history of the past!		对于回忆过去，我更喜欢憧憬未来！--托马斯•杰斐逊
Fear not that the life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning.		不要害怕你的生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不会真正开始。--纽曼
So do all who live to see such times. I wish none of this had happened. But that is not for them to decide. All you have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to you.		每个人遇到难关都会和我一样这么想，真希望这一切都没发生。但是那不由人们所决定，你所能决定的是，是在给予你的时间内选择去做什么。
If you would go up high, then use your own legs! Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads.		如果你想走到高处，就要使用自己的两条腿！不要让别人把你抬到高处；不要坐在别人的背上和头上。--尼采
If you do not leave me, we will die together.		你若不离不弃，我必生死相依。 
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.		只有一种成功，那就是能够用自己的方式度过自己的一生。
Through the total fading away and extinction of craving, decay and death, sorrow, lamentation, suffering, grief, and despair are extinguished.		彻底消除和根绝欲望后，生老病死，悲伤，哀痛，苦难和不幸和绝望就一扫而光。
Eagles without experience of suffering wind and rain can not fly high in the sky. And to be brave to take risks is an eternal formula for us.		没有经历逆风骤雨的雄鹰不能在空中高飞，勇敢地去冒险是我们永远的准则。
The outside world is full of danger, but here is no challenge of life, is doomed to no applause.		外面的世界充满危险，但没有挑战的生活，注定无人喝彩。
A man of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds.		一个只说不做的人就像一个长满野草的花园。
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.		具有新想法的人在其想法实现之前是个怪人。--马克·吐温
Childhood is the most wonderful period in one's life, the child then is a flower, a fruit, dim intelligence, an endless activity and a burst of strong desire.		童年原是一生中最美妙的阶段，那时的孩子是一朵花，也是一颗果子，是一片朦朦胧胧的聪明，一种永远不息的活动，一股强烈的欲望。--巴尔扎克
Life is too short for long–term grudges.		人生短暂，何必长期心怀怨念。
If your heart is willing, it makes thousands of ways. If your heart is unwilling, it makes thousands of excuses. 		如果你的内心愿意，就有成千上万种方法，如果你的内心不愿意，就有成千上万个借口。
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.		但凡人能想象到的事物，必定有人能将它实现。--凡尔纳
I want to bring out the secrets of nature and apply them for the happiness of man. I don't know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world.		我想揭示大自然的秘密，用来造福人类。我认为，在我们的短暂一生中，最好的贡献莫过于此了。--爱迪生
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully have been kindness, beauty and truth.		有些理想曾为我们引过道路，并不断给我新的勇气以欣然面对人生，那些理想就是——真、善、美。--爱因斯坦
Life is like a theatre. Everyone is the protagonist of its own drama.		生活就像一个剧本，每个人都是自己戏剧主角。
Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. 		只有有耐心圆满完成简单工作的人，才能够轻而易举地完成困难的事。--席勒
Smiling is always easier than explaining what you are worried.		微笑总比解释你在苦恼什么简单得多。
 A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.		同一棵树，在愚者和智者的眼中却有所不同。
Eternal truths will be neither true nor eternal unless they have fresh meaning for every new social situation.		永恒的真理如果不在新的社会形势下赋予新的意义,要么就不是真理,要么就不是永恒的。
Whenever two people meet, there are really six people present. There is each man as he sees himself, each man as the other person sees him, and each man as he real.		每当两人相遇时，实际上有六个人存在：那就是各自眼中的自己，各自在对方眼中的自己和各自真实的自我。——劳伦斯·彼得
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.		生活中大多数的阴霾归咎于我们挡住了自己的阳光。--爱默生
The most fearful enemy is not having a firm conviction.		最可怕的敌人，就是没有坚强的信念。--罗曼·罗兰
Your inexperience is an asset and will allow you to think in original and unconventional ways.		你的经验不足也是种财富，能让你有新颖和跳出常规的点子。--娜达莉·波特曼
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things.		我们需要摆脱胸无大志的状况，人们想要开好车、穿华服、住豪宅，却不愿为之付出艰苦努力。 --奥巴马
Don't play your life that you are not good at for audiences who do not belong to you.		别为了不属于你的观众，去演绎你不擅长的人生。
Humor has been well defined as thinking in fun while feeling in earnest.		幽默被人正确地解释为“以诚挚表达感受，寓深思于嬉笑”。--马克·吐温
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.		 爱是对人类之存在这一问题唯一明智而又令人满意的答案。--埃里希·弗罗姆
Everyone will lose, why me? Everyone can win, why not me?		每个人都会失败，为什么会是我？每个人都能成功，为什么不是我？
Everything comes full circle.		时间是条环形跑道，万物终将归零，亦得以圆全完美。
I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.		我认为如果生活给了你柠檬，你应该把它们做成柠檬汁。接下来去寻找那些拿到伏特加的人，然后开一个派对。
Nobody grows old merely by a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals.		年轮的累加，并非意味着垂老；丢弃理想，才是真正意义的暮年。
The closer you look the less you see.		你看的越近，你知道的就越少。             —
It will never rain roses. When we want to have more  roses, we must plant more trees.  -----George Eliot		天空可不会下玫瑰雨。想要更多的玫瑰花，我们就得栽下更多的树。 ------乔治·艾略特
  But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be  destroyed but not defeated.                           —The Old Man and the Sea		  一个人并不是生来要给打败的，你尽可把 他消灭掉，可就是打不败他。  —  
I love you not for who you are, but for who I am  with you.                                —Edward Scissorhands		我爱你不是因为你是谁，而是我在你面前 可以是谁。                     —
I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for  this night and all the nights to come.    —Game of Thrones		我将生命与荣耀献给守夜人，今夜如此， 夜夜皆然。             —权利的游戏
Reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is that  we may listen the more and talk the less. 		我们有两只耳朵，一张嘴巴的原因是我们可以多听而少说。     —芝诺
A bosom friend afar brings a distant land near.		海内存知己天涯若比邻。
There is a Chinese saying which goes, "It takes ten  years to grow a tree."		中国有句话叫“十年树木”。
Only the road is right, do not be afraid of it is short or distant, because you will eventually arrive.		只要路是对的，就不要害怕它是短暂还是遥远，因为你终究会到达。
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always  bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J.D'Angelo		不管你去往何方，不管将来迎接你的是 什么天气，请你带着阳光般的心情启程。
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always  be a brother.  —Benjamin Franklin		 兄弟未必是朋友，而朋友总是兄弟。 -本杰明·富兰克林
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any one thing .——Abraham Lincoln		永远记住你自己想要成功的决心比任何事情都重要——亚伯拉罕·林肯
Books are  the stepping stones to human progress.		书籍是人类进步的阶梯。——高尔基
Fate as hand palm, no matter how tortuous, is always in their own hands.		命运如同手中的掌纹，无论多曲折，终掌握在自己手中。
Never make the same mistake twice.              —		同一个错别犯两次。——
Do not linger to gather flowers to keep them, but walk on, for flowers will keep themselves blooming all your way.		尽管走下去吧，不必逗留着，去采鲜花保存，因为在这一路上，花自然会继续开放。
Action is character. If we never did anything, we wouldn't be anybody. —An Education		行动胜于一切。如果我们什么都没做，又怎么能有所成就。——
Success  will  belong  to  those  who  never  say  "impossible".		成功将属于那些从不说“不可能”的人。
Life is always so we covered all over with cuts and bruises,  but later,   the injured area will become the strong place.		生活总是让我们遍体鳞伤，但到后来，那些受伤的地方一定会变成我们最强壮的地方。——海明威
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. 		我们必须勇于做自己，不管这个自己有多可怕，有多怪异。——May Sarton 
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.-Mark Twain		别到处说世界亏欠了你。世界什么都不欠你的，你还没出生它就在这儿了。-马克·吐温
Don't hide, don't be afraid of the dark,follow the lights,then you can find tomorrow.		不要躲避，不要害怕黑暗，向着太阳，你就能找到明天! —
Some fish could not be kept in captivity, because they belong to the sky.		有的鱼是永远关不住的，因为他们属于天空。—
Gaming is often seen as an unsociable and solitary pursuit. 		通常来说，人们认为玩游戏是个离群索居的爱好。
Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand brake on.—Maxwell Maltz		缺乏自信，就好像拉着手刹在人生道路上行驶。—麦斯威尔·莫尔茨
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.		 女人永远不会跟男人平等，直到有一天她们能够秃着头挺着啤酒肚在街上晃悠，还觉得自己倍儿性感。
It seems to be a perpetual rule that flops are produced elatedly and masterpieces painstakingly.		自古欢愉酿糟糠，从来痛苦出杰作。
The  important  thing  in  life  is to  have  a great aim ,  and  the determination  to  attain  it.		人生最重要的就是树立伟大的目标并实现它。
Half of primary schools will adopt the traditional Chinese method of maths teaching in a Government drive to stop British youngsters falling behind their Asian counterparts.		在政府推动下，全英将有一半的小学采用中国传统数学教学方法，以防止英国小学生落后于亚洲的小学生。
Discovery requires experimentation, and this experiment will take time.		想有发现就要实验，这项实验需要时间。—
Crossing miles of frustrations and rivers of raging.Picking up stones I found along the way.		穿过满路荆棘挫折，趟过无数狂怒激流。不忘一路俯拾寻找圆润美丽的卵石！
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.		用你的笑容去改变世界，别让世界改变了你的笑容。
Knowledge cannot replace friendship, I'd rather be an idiot than lose you.		知识不能替代友谊，比起失去你，我宁愿做个白痴。——派大星 
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to participate.		奥林匹克运动会重在参与而不是取胜。
Life is not a rehearsal—there is no replay button. 		人生不是彩排，没有重播键。
Live your life so that when you die,you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying.		要认真地生活，只有这样，当你走到生命的尽头时，你才会含笑而眠，而周围的人却痛苦不已。
I used to rule the world.Seas would rise when I gave the word.—Viva La Vida		大千世界曾由我主宰。巨浪也曾因我之命澎湃。—
I'm the type of person,if you ask me a question, and I don't know the answer,I'm gonna  tell you that I don't know. —The Pursuit of Happyness		我是这样的人，如果你问的问题我不知道答案，我会直接告诉你“我不知道”。—
 If you don't want to be a little ordinary sand, then try to be a shining star.		若不想做一粒渺小平凡的沙子，那就努力成为一颗耀眼的星星。
People always say that it's too late. However, in fact, now is the best appropriate time. For a man who really wants to seek for something, every period of life is younger and timely.		有人总说已经晚了。实际上，现在就是最好的时光。对于一个真正有所追求的人来说，生命的每个时期都是年轻和及时的。 —摩西奶奶 
All encounters are reunions after a long separation.		世间所有的相遇，都是久别重逢。
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.		采着花瓣时，得不到花的美丽 。—泰戈尔
You know, in case you were wondering - the person whose calls you always take.That’s the relationship you’re in.—The Devil Wears Prada		你知道吗？也许你觉得奇怪，但能让你随时接电话的人，才是你真正在乎的人。—
I won't just survive,Oh, you will see me thrive.Can't write my story,I'm beyond the archetype.		我不会只是苟延残喘。你会见证我再次冉冉直指蓝天。你说我不能留下我的诗篇，我却在不停跨越桎梏和界限。—
 However big the problem, tell your heart," All is well, pal".		无论问题有多大，告诉你的心，“一切皆好，朋友。”—
Happiness is not about being immortal nor having food or rights in one's hand.—		幸福，不是长生不老，不是大鱼大肉，不是权倾朝野。—
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.		被一个人深深地爱着将给你力量，深深地爱着一个人将给你勇气。—宫崎骏
After the hard training of a life time, every athlete deserves a medal in the Games, no matter whether he won or not.		经过长时间的艰苦训练，在奥运会上无论成败，每个运动员都应获得一枚奖牌。
In love and cooking,you must give 100% effort,but expect little appreciation.		无论是烹饪还是爱情,都用百分之百的负责态度对待,但是不要乞求太多的回报。
If I should meet you.After long years.How should I greet you? With silence and tears.  —When we two parted by George Gorden Byron  		假使我又见你，隔了悠长的岁月，我该如何致意？以沉默，以眼泪。—拜伦
Learning without thought is labor lost, thought without learning is perilous.  —Confucius		学而不思则罔，思而不学则殆。—孔子
In our whole life, at least there are two times when we should devote ourselves without any hesitation: One for our love and the other for our dream.  —Forever Young 		在我们的一生中至少有两次应该奋不顾身：一次为爱情，一次为梦想。 —
You must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. —Ratatouille 		不要因为出身低就让别人限制了你发展的机会。—料理鼠王
Everyone's heart is a piece of sea, shining bottomless blue.		每个人的心都是一片海，闪耀着深不见底的幽蓝。
I don't want to win unless I know I've done my best.  —Without Limits 		除非我知道我已经做到最好了，否则我是不会想着赢的。 —
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, you can show that you have a thousand reasons to smile.		当生活给你一百个理由哭泣时，你就拿出一千个理由笑给它看。 
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. —Kahlil Gibran		缺少爱的生活就像从未开花结果的枯树。—卡里·纪伯伦
 If I'm gonna die,I still want to  be me. —The Hunger Games		即使我要死了，我也要做我自己。—
All the splendor in the world is not worth a good friend. —Voltaire		人世间所有的荣华富贵不如一个好朋友。—伏尔泰
Towering genius disdains a beaten path. It seeks regions hitherto unexplored. —Lincoln		卓越的天才不屑走旁人走过的路。他寻找迄今未开拓的地区。—林肯
—A: What kind of mooncake do you like?  —B：The classic one, like Five Seeds Mooncake. How about you?   —A：Wow. Awesome. I like the fruit-flavor mooncake.		A：“你喜欢什么馅儿的月饼？” B：“像五仁君那种超经典的。你呢？” A：“呵呵哒，还真是重口味。我还是比较喜欢水果味月饼。”
Better keep yourself clean and bright, you are the window through which you must see the world. 		我们透过自身这扇窗观望世界，因此，最好让它保持干净明亮。—萧伯纳
A true friend is one soul in two bodies.		一个真正的朋友是如影随形的。
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has courage to lose sight of the shore. —Gide 		人只有鼓起勇气告别海岸,才能发现新的海洋. —纪德 
How deep I love you, the moon represents my heart.		你问我爱你有多深，月亮代表我的心。
If you wept for the missing sunset, you would miss all the shining stars.		如果你为错过的夕阳哭泣，那你也会错过闪耀群星。
You lost the people you love and you have to find a way to go on. Then let it go and say goodbye with a smile. Although it won't be easy.		失去深爱的人，我们仍要学会好好地生活下去。学着放手，微笑着道别。尽管，这并不容易。
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.		早起的小鸟有虫吃！晚到的老鼠有奶酪！
When the whole world is about to rain, let's make it clear in our heart together. 		当整个世界快要下雨，我们也要在心里放晴。
A little thing in hand is worth more than a great thing in prospect.		抓在手中的东西虽小，也胜过美妙的幻想。—
Never judge people by their appearance.		永远不要以貌取人。
When you are loved by a person, you will feel that you are the happiest person in the world.  —He is dragon		当你被一个人爱着的时候，你就会觉得自己是世界上最幸福的人。 —
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, because they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.		让我们感谢那些使我们快乐的人，他们是使我们灵魂开花的可爱园丁。—马塞尔·普鲁斯特
When I think of a word to express the music,I found the Vienna.When I think of a word to express the mystery,I found the Prague. 		当我想以一个词来表达音乐时，我想到了维也纳。而当我想以一个词来表达神秘时，我只想到了布拉格。 —尼采
The reality of one person is not in what he reveals to you, but in what he cannot reveal to you.		一个人的实质，不在于他向你显露的那一面，而在于他所不能向你显露的那一面。—纪伯伦
Everything negative-pressure,challenges-is all an opportunity for me to rise. —Kobe Bryant		压力、挑战，这一切消极的东西都是我能够取得成功的催化剂。—科比·布莱恩特
When you want knowledge like you want air under water, then you will get it.		当你需要知识就像你在水底需要空气时，你准能得到它。
You raise me up,so I can stand on mountains .You raise me up,to walk on stormy seas.  —		你激励了我故我能立足于群山之巅。你鼓舞了我,故我能行进于暴风雨的洋面。 —
The horizon of life is broadened chiefly by the enlargement of the heart. 		生活的视野主要是随着心胸的开阔而变得宽广的。 
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. 		无论你去哪里，都要让每一个来找你的人离开时都比之前更快乐些。
Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.  — Fuller		知识是一宝库，而实践就是开启宝库大门的钥匙。 — 富勒
Do you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?		海豚可聪明了，你晓得不?只需驯养几个星期，他们就能让人类乖乖站在池边给它们扔鱼吃了。
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. — Les Brown		瞄准月亮，即便你没达到，你将置身星星之中。—莱斯‧布朗 
You're gonna have to face your fear,sooner or later. —Ice Age 		你总得面对自己的恐惧。—
Love cures people-both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.		爱会治愈人们，无论是那些给予它的人，还是那些得到它的人。
You can sit here mourning its departure,or you can prepare for the future.— little finger		往者不可谏，而来者犹可追。—小指头
 The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved. —Victor Hugo		生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。—维克多·雨果
If you saw the darkness in front of you, don't be afraid, that's because sunshine is at your back.		如果你看到面前的阴影，别怕，那是因为你的背后有阳光。
Take nothing for granted. Know that the harder you work, the luckier you'll get. — Ivanka Trump		没有事情是理所当然，要知道越努力越幸运。 — 伊凡卡·川普
Success is waking up in the morning, so excited about what you have to do. —Fame		成功是清晨醒来，对自己的人生充满期待。—名扬四海
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. —Marie Curie		生活中没有可怕的东西，只有应去了解的东西。 —玛丽·居里
I loved the way a photo could capture a moment before it was gone. 		我喜欢拍照片，因为它能抓住事物消逝前的瞬间。 
There are no regrets in life, just lessons. —Jennifer Aniston		人生中没有后悔，只有教训。 —珍妮佛‧安妮斯顿
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. — Horace		逆境可以引出一个人的才能，它在富足的环境只是潜伏著。— 贺拉斯
Sometimes when you think the sky is about to fall down, you might be standing tilted. —2 Broke Girls		有时候你以为天要塌下来了，其实是自己站歪了。 —破产姐妹
I know nothing with any certainty,but the sight of the stars makes me dream. —Vincent van Gogh		我不知道世间有什么是确定不变的，我只知道，只要一看到星星，我就会开始做梦。—文森特·梵高
The key to immortality is living a life worth remembering. —I. Am.Bruce.Lee		若想死后永垂不朽，首先得活得精彩。 —我是李小龙
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope. — Bernard Williams		如同夜晚不能阻止日出，难题也无法抹杀希望。 —伯纳德‧威廉士
Happiness doesn’t depend on who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think. — Dale Carnegie		快乐不是取决于你是何人或你拥有什么，它只取决于你的想法。 —戴尔‧卡内基
The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes. —Memento		即使闭上眼睛，世界并没有消失。 —
If you are honest to oneself , no one in the world can deceive you. 		当你对自己诚实的时候，世界上没有人能够期骗得了你。
Do not ask for the moon any more. We already have the stars. 		不要再乞求能得到月亮了，我们已经拥有星星了。
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. — Indira Gandhi		紧握拳头你就无法与他人握手。 —英迪拉‧甘地 
There is no such thing as failure. And failure is just life, which is trying to move us in another direction.		世间并不存在“失败”，那不过是生活想让我们换个方向走走罢了。
Always let your conscience be your guide. —Pinocchio		要凭着你的良心做事。 —
Even miracles take a little time. —The Fairy Godmother		就算是奇迹也要花点时间才能发生的。 —仙女教母
Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it with use. —Ruth Gordon		勇气像肌肉，我们经由使用来加强它。 —露丝‧戈登 
While there is life,there is hope.		一息若存,希望不灭。
I'm looking forward to the rest of my life every time at the thought of spending the rest life with you.		一想到能和你共度余生，我就对余生充满了期待。
God made relatives.Thank God we can choose our friends.		神决定了谁是你的亲戚, 幸运的是在选择朋友方面他给了你留了余地
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.		人生最大的快乐是做到别人认为你做不到的事情。
This is where all dreams begin.——THE BFG 		我所有的梦都是从这里开始的。——圆梦巨人
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. 		你灵魂中每一点力量、勇气与自信的积累，都来自于你一次又一次地直视恐惧、面对恐惧。
All happy families resemble one another.Each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.		所有幸福的家庭，都大同小异，但每个不幸的家庭，却自有其不幸处。
A person who knows why to live can bear any how to live.－－Fredrick W. Nietzsche		知道为何而活，就知道怎样熬下去。－－尼采
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider.		遇亨通的日子，你当喜乐。遭患难的日子，你当思考。
Whatever happens tomorrow,we've had today. 		无论明天发生什么 拥有今天就好啦。 
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.		 你的痛苦是你那包裹知识的皮壳的破裂。
You are my destiny, not a sudden thought hit me.		你是我的命中注定，绝非心血来潮。
A bitter end is much better than bitterness without an end. 		苦涩的结局总好过没有尽头的苦。
And glory like the phoenix midst her fires,.Exhales her odours, blazes, and expires. 		"荣耀之光如凤凰浴火重生， 呼吸，绽放光芒，渐渐逝去。 "
When the gorgeous stage to become a memory,you do not indulge in the glory of the year,otherwise it will make you a headache. 		当过去那个绚烂的舞台成为回忆，你就不要再沉浸于当年的辉煌，否则这会让你很头疼。
But 2000 people at a time, and there were wishes here. 		这艘船每次只载客两千，既载人，有载梦想。
One today is worth two tomorrows. -- Benjamin Franklin		一个今天抵得上两个明天。——本杰明·弗兰克林
Write your Sad Times in Sand, Write your Good Times in Stone.-- George Bernard Shaw		  让悲伤时光随风而逝，让快乐时光坚如磐石。
"Steps can not achieve a place,eyes can reach; vision inaccessible,the spirit can fly. "		脚步不能到达的地方，眼光可以到达；眼光不能到达的地方，精神可以飞到-----雨果
When the snow comes down on you so hard you can′t see a damned thing.		谎话像雪花一样不停地飘落，目的就是想掩盖一切。 
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.－－Helen Keller		只管面向阳光，那你就看不到影子。──海伦凯勒
Our own heart, and not other men's opinion, forms our true honor.－－Samuel Taylor Coleridge		我的荣誉，并非由他人之见，而是由我自己的心所构成。──柯立芝
Even when I wasn't sure where I was going,I was always in a hurry. 		即使不知路在何方，我也总是脚步匆匆。 
"Easy to say we love, difficult to demonstrate it every day. "		说出我爱你很容易，要每天去证明你的爱就要难很多。
Always look at the bright side of life. If there is no bright side, wait until the future turns to light. 		关注生命中光彩的一面。如果没有光彩的一面，耐心等待光彩的到来。
It takes a strong man to save himself, and a great man to save another. 		坚强的人只能救赎自己，伟大的人才能拯救他人。 
"Education is not filling a bucket,but lighting a fire.    "		教育不是装满一桶水，而是点燃一把火。
"Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.  "		希望是美好的，也许是人间至善，而美好的事物永不消逝。 
"Get busy living, Or get busy dying.  "		忙活，或者等死。
"The world's most wide ocean,wider than the ocean is the sky, wider than the sky is the human mind. "		世界上最宽阔的是海洋，比海洋更宽阔的是天空，比天空更宽阔的是人的胸怀-----雨果
I would be the least among men with dreams and the desire to fulfill them,rather than the greatest with no dreams and no desire.		我宁做个最渺小的人，拥有这梦想和实现梦想的渴望；也不做那既无梦想，也无渴望的最伟大的人。  纪伯伦  
I love to be alone.I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.		我爱孤独.我没有碰到比寂寞更好的同伴了.
As long as you love me,we could be starving, we could be homeless, we could be broke.  		我们可以食不果腹，可以流离失所，也可以支离破碎，只要你爱我。
If you think of money as god,it will torment you like a devil.		如果你把金钱当成上帝，它便会像魔鬼一样折磨你。
I come from hell,I want to go to heaven,passing through the world.		我从地狱来，要到天堂去，路过人间。
We sincerely hope that you will soon be restored to health.		我们衷心希望你早日恢复健康。
As fruit needs not only sunshine but cold nights and chilling showers to ripen it, so character needs not only joy but trial and difficulty to mellow it. 		水果不仅需要阳光，也需要凉夜。寒冷的雨水能使其成熟。人的性格陶冶不仅需要欢乐，也需要考验和困难。 
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world,she walks into mine.		世界上有那么多的城镇，城镇中有那么多的酒馆，她却走进了我的。
"You can't get rid of fear.It's like Mother Nature,you can't beat her or outrun her,but you can through it.You can find out what you're made of.        "		你无法摆脱恐惧。它就像大自然，你赢不了也逃不了，但只要撑过去，你就会了解你的潜力。   
Five rules to be happy:Free your heart from hatred.Free your mind from worries.Live simply. Give more. Expect less.		快乐的五条法则：不憎恨，不焦虑，简单地生活，多一点付出，少一点期待。
"The Kingsoft PowerWord is not only for words, but also for the beauty of English. "		金山词霸，不止于查词，发现英文之美。
"Time crumbles things; everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time. "		时间碾碎万物，一切都因时间的力量而衰老，在时间的流逝中被遗忘。
"Never ask the doctor what you should do. Ask him what he would do if he were in your place. You would be surprised at the difference. "		不要问医生你该做什么；而是问医生，如果他处于你的情况下，他会做什么。你会惊讶地看到其中的差异。
Don't cry over what has happened in the past, but be happy that you could enjoy the moment.		对于过去的不快，不要耿耿于怀；你当庆幸于可以享受此刻。
One way at a time,I will try to lend these broken hands of mine.Give me strength be my light.		每次一程，我会试试借出我残缺的双手。做我的光芒给我力量。
Fear can hold you prisoner, hope can set you free. A strong man can save himself, a great man can save another.		懦怯囚禁人的灵魂，希望可以令你感受自由。强者自救，圣者渡人。
The young should be forward-looking in thoughts and earth-bound in actions		青年人在思想上应该高瞻远瞩，在行动上应该脚踏实地。
Life is not fair, get used to it. ---Bill Gates		生活是不公平的；要去适应它。
 Knowledge advances by steps and not by leaps.		学习只能循序渐进，而不能跃进。
You got a dream, you gotta protect it. People can't do something themselves,they wanna tell you you can't do it.If you want something, go get it. 		如果你有梦想的话，就要去捍卫它。那些一事无成的人想告诉你你也成不了大器。如果你有理想的话，就要去努力实现。
If you only do what you can do you'll never be more than you are now.		如果你只是做你力所能及的事，你将不会有所进步；
Man is not made for defeat. A man may be destroyed but not defeated.		人不是为失败而生的，一个人可以被毁灭，但不能被打败。
Children see the world look and adults are not the same, they will say " I do" instead of "I can't do anything", so I also like this. 		孩子们看世界的眼光会和大人们不一样，他们会说“我要做什么”而不是“我不能做什么”，所以我也是这样的。
I knew at that moment I had to make a choice. I could submit to everything that was happening and live a life of excuses... or I could push myself. I could push myself and make my life good.		就在那一刻，我明白了，我得作出选择。我可以为自己寻找各种借口对生活低头，也可以迫使自己更好地生活
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible"! 		没有不可能，连这个词自己都说：“不，可能！”—— 奥黛丽·赫本
Don't make a promise when you are in Joy.  Don't reply when you are Sad.Don't take decisions when you are Angry.Think Twice.Act Wise.		当你喜悦时，不要轻易地承诺。当你悲伤时，不要轻易地回复。当你愤怒时，不要轻易做出决定。三思而后行，明智之法。
"Hope itself is a species of happiness, and perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords. -Dr. Johnson "		希望本身就是一种幸福，并且也许，是这个世界所能提供的最大的幸福。-塞缪尔·约翰逊
What a meaningless sense if losing myself,though owning all of the world.		即使赚得了全世界，却失去了自己，又有什么意义呢。
Legends are but stories about ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Of course, it takes courage and imagination. Not everybody has that.		传说不过是平凡人做不平凡的故事，当然需要勇气和想象力，不是每个人都能做到的。
Precious things are very few in this world,that is the reason there is just one you.		世界上珍贵的东西十分稀少,这也就是为什么这世界上只有一个你.
Friendship means understanding,not agreement.It means forgiveness,not forgetting.It means the memories last,even if contact is lost.		友情是理解，不是妥协;是原谅，不是遗忘。即使不联系，感情依然在。
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.		勇敢地追随你的心和直觉。它们由于某种原因已经知道你真心想成为什么样的人。
There are no hopeless situations,there are only men who have grown hopeless about them.		没有没希望的情况，只有对情况渐渐放弃希望的人。
Ability may get you to the top,but it takes character to keep you there.  		能力会让你青云直上，到达顶峰，但必须靠足够的人格魅力，才能让你留在那里。
l learned everyone dies alone,but if you mean something to someone,if you helped someone,if even a single person remembers you,then you never really die. 		我学到了每个人都会孤独地死去，但是如果你的存在对某个人意义非凡，或者你帮助过某个人，哪怕有一个人能够想起你，你就不会真的死去。
The world won't care about your self-esteem. The world will expect you to accomplish something before you feel good about yourself. 		这世界并不会在意你的自尊，这世界希望你在自我感觉良好之前先要有所成就。
Men have not more time to understand anything．They buy things already made at the shops．But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship,and so men have no friends any more．		人是没有多余的时间去了解其它事情的。他们到商店购买现成的东西。但是世上却没有可以买到友情的商店，所以人不会再有朋友了。
It has done me good,because of the color of the wheat fields．Go and look again at the roses．You will understand now that yours is unique in all the world．		驯服对我是有好处的——因为麦田的颜色。再回头看那些玫瑰花吧！到时你就明白你的玫瑰花仍是举世无双的一朵花。
“You couldn’t see my tears cause I am in the water.“ Fish said to water.“But I could feel your tears cause you are in my heart..“ Answered water.		鱼对水说你看不到我的眼泪，因为我在水里．水说我能感觉到你的眼泪，因为你在我心里。
It's not what you know or who you know, but who knows you.		你知道多少或你认识谁并不重要，重要的是要让人知道你。
A ship is always safe at the shore - but that is not what it is built for.		船靠岸边总是安全的，但那不是建造它的目的。
And ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.		除非临到了别离的时候，爱永远不会知道自己的深浅。
Sometimes when you think the sky is about to fall down, you might be standing tilted!		有时候你以为天要塌下来了，其实是自己站歪了！
"Take nothing for granted. Know that in life, the harder you work, the luckier you'll get. "		没有事情是理所当然，要知道在人生中你愈努力，你就会愈幸运。
"Only my spouse coral’s the setting sun,draw near me pale face and show bright-colored brilliance. "		只愿我的爱人是珊瑚般的夕阳，凄近我苍白的面孔，赐予我无尽的光茫。
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.		秋天即是第二个春天，每片叶子都是花朵。——阿尔贝·加缪
The most difficult thing is the decision to act. And the rest is merely tenacity.		最困难的是下定决心去做，剩下的只是坚持而已。
Death is just a part of life, something we're all destined to do.		死亡是生命的一部分，是我们注定要做的一件事。
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.		 真正的友谊，最美之处就在于了解和被了解。--塞内卡
When you're attracted to someone it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously. So what we think of as fate, is just two neuroses knowing they're a perfect match.		当你被某个人吸引时,那只是意味着你俩在潜意识里相互吸引。因此，所谓命运，就只不过是两个疯子认为他们自己是天造一对,地设一双。
They say it's better to have loved and lost,than never to have loved at all.		有人说，爱过，失去过，总胜于从未感受爱。
Rich blessings for health and longevity is my special wish for you in the coming year.I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year.		衷心祝福你在新的一年里健康长寿.望你在新的一年里幸福安康。
There's a difference between ‘love’ and ‘like’. If you like a flower you will pick it, but if you love a flower, you will water it every day. 		爱与喜欢是有区别的。如果你喜欢一朵花，你会摘下它，但你要是爱它，你会每天灌溉它。
May the force be with you. ——Rogue One：A Star Wars Story		愿原力与你同在。——
“You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.”—Shakespeare in Love		在我眼里你不会变老，不会褪色，不会死去.
The most important thing in life will always be the people in this room, right here, right now.		人生在世，最重要的，莫过于此时此刻久伴你的人了。
With the world so set on tearing itself apart.It doesn't seem like such a bad thing to me to want to put a little bit of it back together.		当整个世界分崩离析。我只想一点一点把它拼凑回来，这总归不是什么坏事。
How do you say goodbye to someone you can't imagine living without?I didn't say goodbye.I didn't say anything.I just walk away.		如何跟你不想失去的人说再见？我没有说再见。我什么也没说。我就这样走了。
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.		有些人沦为平庸浅薄，金玉其外，而败絮其中。可不经意间，有一天你会遇到一个彩虹般绚丽的人，从此以后，其他人就不过是匆匆浮云。 
"No matter how long the rain lasts, there will be a rainbow in the end. No matter how sad you may be, believe, that happiness is waiting. "		不管雨下多久，最终彩虹总会出现。不管你有多难过，始终要相信，幸福就在不远处。 
Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten.Alter what is changeable, and accept what is mutable. 		记住该记住的，忘记该忘记的。改变能改变的，接受不能改变的。
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. it's about learning to dance in the rain.		人生不是坐等暴风雨过去，而是学会在雨中起舞。
Because the things you're scared of are usually the most worthwhile.		因为你所害怕的事情，往往是最值得的。 
"When life puts you in tough situations, don't say ‘Why Me?’ Just say ‘Try Me.’"——Dwayne Johnson		当你身处困境时，不要说‘为何是我？’，而是说‘我试试’。——道恩‧强森
Dream is like underwear. Although you have it,you can not show it to everyone you meet.		理想就像内裤，虽然你有，但是你不能逢人就证明你有。
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. ——Douglas MacArthur		岁月使皮肤起皱，放弃使灵魂起皱。——道格拉斯·麦克阿瑟
No matter how bad your heart has been broken, the world doesn't stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.		不管你有多痛苦，这个世界都不会为你停止转动。太阳依旧照样升起。
Good things come to those who smile. Have you smiled today?  		好事情总是发生在那些微笑着的人身上。你今天微笑了么？
"Honestly, if you're not willing to sound stupid, you don't deserve to be in love."		坦白说，如果你不打算为爱做点傻事，你就不配拥有爱。
Don't argue with me, every word comes out of your mouth would be the solid evidence of hurting me. 		你不要和我吵，你的每一字，每一句，都会成为伤害我的呈堂证供！
Life is like a cup of tea.It won't be bitter for a lifetime but for a short while anyway.		人生就像一杯茶，不会苦一辈子，但总会苦一阵子。
Speaking of love, the biggest mistake is to miss out.		在爱的道路上，最大的过错就是错过。
A man who truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.		如果一个男人真爱你，永远不会丢下你，不管情形有多难。
Do not, for one repulse, forget the purpose that you resolved to effort.		不要只因一次挫败，就忘记你原先决定达到的远方。
If you're brave to say "goodbye", life will reward you with a new "hello". 		如果你勇于对过去说“拜拜”，生活就会回赠给你一个新的“哈喽”。
At New Year and always, may peace and love fill your heart, beauty fill your world, and contentment and joy fill your days.		新年的祝福，平日的希冀，愿你心境祥和、充满爱意，愿你的世界全是美满，愿你一切称心如意，快乐无比。
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.——William Shakespeare 		爱所有人，相信一部分人，不对不起任何人。——莎士比亚
It all comes to the end about the past and you.For the future,about me,to be continued…		关于过去，关于你，告一段落。 关于未来，关于我，敬请期待。
Every day may not be good…but there's something good in every day. 		并不是每一天都是好日子，但每一天一定会有些好事会发生。
Memories can make you smile, but it can very well make you cry hard.		回忆，有时令你嘴角上扬，有时也能让你潸然泪下。
Sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears. 		有时候，唯有一场眼泪，我们才彻底清晰了视线。
Every careless and inattentive person has his past being careful and attentive for someone.		哪个没心没肺的人，没有一段为某人掏心掏肺的曾经。
If someone is strong enough to bring you down,show them you are strong enough to get up. 		如果有人足够强大到让你倒下，那你就让他看看，你也能自己站起来。
Sometimes the perfect person for you is the one you least expect.		有时候，最适合你的人, 恰恰是你最没有想到的人。
If you hate me,you're the loser,not me.——Avril		如果你恨我，那么你就是失败者，而不是我。——艾薇儿
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.		宁愿保持沉默让人看起来像个傻子，也不要一开口就证明自己确实如此。
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act ! Action will delineate and define you.----Thomas Jefferson		你想知道你是什么样的人吗？不要问。行动！行动将会勾画并且定义你。——托马斯·杰斐逊
Life is a journey. What we should care about is not where it's headed but what we see and how we feel.		人生就是一场旅行，不要在乎目的地，只需在乎沿途的风景以及看风景的心情。
I miss you when I'm depressed, just as I miss the sunshine in the winter; I miss you when I'm irritable, just as I miss the green shade in the blazing sun.		忧愁的时候，我想念你，就如同凛冽冬日里想念暖阳；烦躁的时候，我想念你，就如同炎炎烈日下想念绿荫。
A bright moon and stars twinkle and shine. Wish you a merry Lantern Festival, bliss, and happiness.		皓月闪烁，星光闪耀，元宵佳节，美满快乐！
Food is fuel.You get picky about what you put in the tank, your engine is gonna die.----Ratatouille		食物就是燃油。你对燃油挑三拣四，你的引擎就会熄灭。——
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.		我喜欢这样的时刻：我抓到你正在看我，你笑了，然后害羞地别过脸去。
If you fall in love with your Mr Right,every day is like Valentine's Day. 		其实爱对了人，每天都是情人节。
Be yourself, don't change for anyone. If they don't like you at your worst, then they don't deserve you at your best.		勇敢的做自己，不要为任何人而改变。如果他们不能接受最差的你，也不配拥有最好的你。
Life is like angry birds.There are always several pigs laughing when you lose.		人生就像愤怒的小鸟，当你失败时，总有几头猪在笑！
You laugh at me for being different, but I laugh at you for being the same.		你嘲笑我和别人不一样，我嘲笑你和大家都一样。
Many people start a career with a dream, then get busy forgetting it.		很多人一开始为了梦想而忙，后来忙得忘了梦想。
I want to sleep but my brain won't stop talking to itself. 		我想睡觉，但我的脑子在那儿自言自语，无休无止。
The world puts off its mask of vastness to its lover. It becomes small as one song ,as one kiss of the eternal.		面对爱人，世界摘下了自己浩瀚的面具。它变小了，小如一首歌，小如一个永恒的吻。
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies… The man who never reads lives only one.		阅读的人在临终前经历了一千个人生…… 从不阅读的人只经历一个人生。
Love a person too much,the heart will be drunk; hate a person too long,the heart will be broken.		爱一个人太深，心会醉；恨一个人太久，心会碎。
The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions – the little soon forgotten charities of a kiss, a smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment.		生活中的快乐是由一些小片断组成——很快被遗忘的亲吻、微笑、关爱的眼神、由衷的赞美等小善举。
It doesn't matter to be a mass of bruises, and this time I care nothing about. But once is enough, because life can never afford such a heavy love.		 这一次，遍体鳞伤也没关系；这一次，可以什么都不在乎。但只是这一次就够了。因为生命再也承受不起这么重的爱情。
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.		无论如何，我始终相信人性本善。
Real girls aren't perfect. Perfect girls aren't real.		真实的女孩不完美，完美的女孩不真实。
A free man starts a long journey,whose conclusion is uncertain.		一个自由人开始了漫长的旅程，伴随着未知的结局。
The solace of life is that each day has an end. This one will, too.		人生值得欣慰之处便是，每一天都有结束的时候。今天亦不例外。——
The mighty desert is burning for the love of a blade of grass who shakes her head and laughs and flies away. 		无垠的沙漠热烈追求一叶绿草的爱，她摇摇头笑着飞开了。 　
The most important thing that I learned in growing up is that forgiveness is something that, when you do it, you free yourself to move on. – Tyler Perry		我成长中学到的最重要的事情是，当你原谅他人时，你也解脱自己再往前走。– –泰勒·派瑞
Everyone should take action with a dream and be strong with a reason.If the heart has no place to perch on, you will always be a drifter no matter where you are.		一个人至少拥有一个梦想，有一个理由去坚强。心若没有栖息的地方，到哪里都是在流浪。
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.— Albert Einstein		重要的是不要停止疑问，好奇心有其存在的理由。-- -- 阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦 
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.		你目前的处境并不决定你的未来，它只决定你的起点。
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.		我知道再回首时，那些眼泪想来可笑；却不知再回眸时，那些欢声笑语也能叫我潸然泪下。
Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. So, thank the past for a better future.		伤痛使你更坚强，眼泪使你更勇敢，心碎使你更明智。所以，感谢过去带给我们一个更好的未来。
The girl who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy is also the one who may cry herself to sleep.		那个总是谈笑风生，看起来很开心的女孩，也是那个可能会一个人哭到睡着的女孩。
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens. ----Benjamin Disraeli		我们所预料的事情很少发生，我们最始料不及的事情却往往发生了。——本杰明·迪斯雷利 
It'd be better to light up the candle than curse the darkness. No one can give you brightness except yourself.		与其诅咒黑暗，不如燃起蜡烛。没有人能给你光明，除了你自己。
If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.		离开我就别安慰我，要知道每一次缝补也会遭遇穿刺的痛。
Victory isn't defined by wins or losses. It is defined by effort. If you can truthfully say,"I did the best I could, I gave everything I had"; then you're a winner.--Wolfgang Schadler		胜利不是用赢输定义的，而是用努力定义的。如果你能如实地说，“我尽了我所能，我付出了所有”，那么你就是一个胜利者。——沃尔夫冈·谢德勒
God gives answers in three ways: He says yes and gives you what you want. He says no and gives you something better. He says wait and gives you the best.		上帝用三种方式作答：他点头给你想要的；他摇头给你更好的；他让你等，就给你最棒的。
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have.– William Hazlitt		我们做的越多，能做的就越多；我们越忙，就有越多的悠闲。– 威廉‧哈兹列特
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind. 		也许，你走出了我的视线，但是，却没走出我的思念。
Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands,but let it go,and you learn at once how big and precious it is.		你把幸福捧在手里，看似微不足道，一旦放手，你便立刻感觉到它的重要与珍贵。
I don't want to earn my living; I want to live. -- Oscar·Wilde		我不想谋生；我想生活。-- 奥斯卡·王尔德
A star has 5 ends; A square has 4 ends; A triangle has 3 ends; A line has 2 ends; A life has one end. Our happiness has no end.		星星有五个终点，正方形有四个终点，三角形有三个终点，一条线有两个终点，人生只有一个终点，而我们的幸福没有终点。
One smile can start a friendship. One word can end a fight. One look can save a relationship. One person can change your life.		一个笑容，可以开始一段友情。一个词语，可以结束一段争吵。一个眼神，可以挽回一段感情，一个人，可以改变你的一生。
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain.		生活不是等待暴风雨过去，而是要学会在雨中跳舞。
What is insistence? That is,day after day,you tell yourself to go on for another day. 		什么是坚持？就是一天，又一天，你告诉自己，再坚持一天。
It takes courage to follow your mind. But it takes everything to follow your heart. 		跟着理智走，要有勇气；跟着感觉走，要有倾其所有的决心。
A woman, especially, if she has the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can. —Jane Austen		一个女人要是不幸聪明得什么都懂，那就必须同时懂得怎么伪装成什么都不懂。 ——简•奥斯汀
Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.		痛苦的降临，是要让我们清醒不是难过，让我们更有智慧而不是懊悔。
If you don't walk out, you will think that this is the whole world.		如果你不出去走走，你会以为这就是全世界。
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.		享受自己的生活，不要和别人比较。
Sometimes you have to stop thinking too much and just go where your heart takes you.		有时候，我们不要想太多，顺着自己的心意就好了。
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.		悲观者抱怨风向，乐观者期待风向改变，务实的人调整帆布。
I'll be alright. One day. Someday. Just not today.		我会好起来的。某一天，总有一天。只是不是今天。
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a hypocritical people. It means you're mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.		能够善待不太喜欢的人，并不代表你虚伪，而意味着你内心成熟到可以容纳这些不喜欢。
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company. 		如果你独处时感到寂寞，说明你没有把自己陪好。
Life is short, and if you ever come across a beautiful, exciting, crazy moment in it, you gotta seize it while you can before that moment's gone.		人生苦短，如果有机会碰到美丽、激动、疯狂的时刻，就得在那一刻消失之前紧紧把握住。——
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on. -- Tagore 		每一个你闪躲的困难，将来都会如鬼魂般打扰你的安宁。– 泰戈尔
We always learn to be stronger when we are hurt and learn to be more independent during parting. 		我们总在伤害中学着更坚强，在离别中学着更独立。
Smile and silence are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems.		微笑和沉默是两把利器：微笑解决很多问题，沉默避免许多问题。
Ordinary people merely think how they shall spend their time; a man of talent tries to use it.		普通人只想如何度过时间，有才能的人试图利用时间。
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet. –– Mahatma Gandhi		我不会让任何人用肮脏的脚踏足我的思想。——圣雄甘地
We must learn to tailor our concepts to fit reality, instead of trying to stuff reality into our concepts.		我们必须学习依现实情况调整自己的想法，而不是试图把现实套在我们想法的框架中。– 维克多·丹尼尔
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.– Benjamin Disraeli		我期待最好的，但为最坏的做好准备。– 班杰明‧迪斯雷利
My motto is: Contented with little, yet wishing for more.– Charles Lamb		我的座右銘是：为一点点感到滿足，但希望获得更多。– 查尔斯·兰姆
If you let yourself be undisciplined on the small things, you will probably be undisciplined on the large things as well.		如果你在小事上无原则，那么大事上一样没有原则。
A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just.		多一点怜悯可以让世界少一点冷酷多一点正义。
Be yourself, everyone else is already taken. – Oscar Wilde		做你自己，其他角色都已经有人了。——奥斯卡•王尔德
Life was a funny thing that occurred on the way to the grave. –Quentin Crisp		生命是在通往坟墓之路上发生的一件趣事儿。–昆汀·克里斯
Protect your innocence… Our innocence allows us to do what the practical mind prohibits.		保护你的纯真… 天真让我们做实际心态所不允许的事。
Success is a relative term. It brings so many relatives.		成功是一个相关名词, 他会给你带来很多不相关的亲戚 。
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage. In every defeat there is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.		每个逆境都有一粒种子，藏着对等的有利条件；每个挫败都有一个教训，教你下次如何取得胜利。
I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about. - Emma Watson		我不想失败的恐惧阻碍做我真正想做的事情。——艾玛·沃森
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not,and oftentimes we call a man cold when he is only sad. - Criminal Minds		人人都有隐秘之苦，不为外人所知，我们常说人冷若冰霜，其实他只是黯然神伤。——
Trust is the easiest thing in the world to lose,and the hardest thing in the world to get back.		信任是这个世界上最容易失去的东西，也是最难挽回的东西。
Nuptial love makes mankind; friendly love perfects it; but wanton love corrupts and debases it.— Bacon		婚姻之爱创造人类，友谊之爱使其完美，但不负责的爱腐蚀并使人类堕落。– 培根
Everyone has his inherent ability which is easily concealed by habits, blurred by time, and eroded by laziness.		每个人都有潜能，只是很容易被习惯所掩盖，被时间所迷离，被惰性所消磨。
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. 		如果你不喜欢某件事，就去改变它；如果你不能改变它，就改变你的态度。不要抱怨。
Don't make promises when you're joyful. Don't reply when you're sad. Don't make decisions when you're angry. 		别在喜悦时承诺，别在悲伤时回答，别在愤怒时决定。
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal. -  Wilde		不够真诚是危险的，太真诚则绝对是致命的。——王尔德
The shortest distance between two people is a smile.		人与人之间最短的距离是微笑。
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.		不必遗憾。若是美好，叫做精彩。若是糟糕，叫做经历。
It doesn't matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other. - Good Will Hunting		那个小伙子是否完美，或者那个姑娘是否完美都不重要，只要他们能珠联璧合。——
I'm only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble. 		我只是在必要的时候才会勇敢，勇敢并不代表你要到处闯祸。
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. 		我们要接受失望，因为它是有限的；但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.		在乎你的性格，而不是你的声誉。性格代表你是谁，而声誉只是人们以为你是谁。
People who agonize don't act. People who act don't agonize.– Pierre Sauvage		痛苦的人不采取行动，采取行动的人不痛苦。– 皮尔‧索瓦格
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe		不完美也是一种美，疯狂也是天分，荒唐总好过无聊。——玛丽莲梦露
Don't worry too much about the ambiguous future; just make the effort for the explicit present.		不为模糊不清的未来过分担忧，只为清清楚楚的现在奋发图强。
If you are not willing to learn and grow, no one can help you. But if you are determined to learn and grow, no one can stop you. 		如果你不愿意学习和成长，没人能帮助你；但如果你决意要学习和成长，也没人能阻拦你。
Man is always more than he can know of himself; consequently, his accomplishments, time and again, will come as a surprise to him.		人总是比所了解的自己还强，因此，他的成就，将一再的超出自己的意料。
Don't say you don't have enough time.You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Louis Pasteur, Michelangelo, Thomas Jefferson and Albert Einstein.		不要说你时间不够，你每天被赋予的小时数和海伦凯勒、巴士德、米开朗基罗、杰弗逊、及爱因斯坦完全一样。
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily. - Napoleon Bonaparte		死不算什么，但失败或不光采的活着如同每天死亡。——拿破仑
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee		知识给你力量，品格给你别人的尊敬。——李小龙
Don't lie to people who trust you, and don't trust people who lie to you.		不要对相信你的人撒谎，也不要相信对你撒谎的人。
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. 		我们飞得越高在那些不能飞的人眼中的形象就越渺小。
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections. 		快乐不代表每件事都完美，而是你已下定决心让眼界超越不完美。
The day is near when thy burden will become thy gift, and thy sufferings will light up thy path.		终有一天，你的负担将变成礼物，你受的苦将照亮你的路。——泰戈尔
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.		只有热忱，伟大的热忱，可以将灵魂提升至伟大的境界。
The way to your mother's heart is to eat her food with relish.		能让母亲快乐的方法，就是有滋味地吃掉她做的食物。
The future has several names. For the weak, it is the impossible. For the fainthearted, it is the unknown. For the thoughtful and valiant, it is the ideal. - Victor Hugo		未来有几个名字；对软弱的人来说，未来叫做不可能；对胆小的人来说，未来叫做未知；对于深思熟虑且有勇气的人来说，未来叫做理想。– 雨果
A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy.		可疑的朋友比确定的敌人更可怕。——
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. - Bernard M. Baruch		做你自己，说你想说，介意的人不重要，重要的人不介意。——Bernard M. Baruch
Don't laugh at a youth for his affectations; he is only trying on one face after another to find his own. - Logan Pearsall Smith		不要嘲笑一个年轻人的做作，他只是一次又一次地在找寻真正的自己。——Logan Pearsall Smith
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.		如果飞不起来，那就跑；跑不动，那就走；走不了，那就爬。无论怎样，都要继续前行。
I want to give you all the best in the world, only to find the best in the world is you. 		我想把世界上最好的都给你，却发现世界上最好的就是你。
The true man wants two things: danger and play. - Nietzsche		真正的男人只需要两件事：危险和游戏。——尼采
Hard work beats a talent when the talent fails to work hard. - Kevin Durant		当天才不努力时，努力可以击倒天才。——凯文•杜兰特
One may be the loneliest number... but sometimes only the lonely can play. 		1或许是最孤独的数字... 但是，有时候只有孤独的人才玩得起。——
Bran: Can a man still be brave if he's afraid? Ned: That is the only time a man can be brave.		布兰：人在恐惧的时候还能勇敢吗? 奈德：人唯有恐惧的时候方能勇敢。—— 
It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple.		快乐很简单，但要做到简单却很难。——泰戈尔
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret. It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eyes.		这是我的一个秘密，再简单不过的秘密：一个人只有用心去看，才能看到真实。事情的真相只用眼睛是看不见的。——
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. 		那些听不见音乐的人认为那些跳舞的人疯了。——尼采
Sheldon: I'm not insane, my mother had me tested!		谢耳朵：我才没疯呢，我妈带我去测过好嘛！
Do not,for one repulse,give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.- Shakespeare		不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。——莎士比亚
Chinese Dragon Boat Festival is also known as Duanwu Festival, which falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month every year. 		每年农历五月初五为“龙舟节”又称端午节。
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. 		要生存就要变化，要变化就要成长，要成长就要不断地自我创新。——亨利·柏格森
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.		所有大人都曾是小孩, 可惜只有少数人记得这件事。——
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.		过往的选择成就今时之日的我。
Freedom is not letting you do whatever you wanna but teaching you not to do the things you don't wanna do. - Kant		自由不是让你想做什么就做什么，自由是教你不想做什么，就可以不做什么。——康德
If you win the silver medal then either today or tomorrow people will forget you. But you'll become an example if you win the gold medal ... and examples are given, you don't forget them.		拿了银牌，人们迟早会忘记你。但是拿了金牌，你就是榜样。人们永远不会忘记榜样。——摔跤吧！爸爸
Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.		麻烦没来找你，就别去自找麻烦。
It is one of the most beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.		任何一个人，如果真诚地试着帮助他人，必然也同时帮助了自己，这乃是人生中最优美的补偿之一。
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. But today is a gift. All you can do is to grasp it.		昨天已成历史，明天仍是未知，但今天是上天赐予我们的礼物，你能做的就是把握今天！
Don't count on others rashly, so they don't have the chance to betray you; Don't make rash promises either, in case you may regret.		诺不轻信，故人不负我；诺不轻许，故我不负人。
Dare and the world always yields. If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.		你勇敢，世界就会让步。如果有时它战胜你，你要不断地勇敢再勇敢，它就会屈服。
Life is not lack of beauty, but lack of the eyes to find beauty.		生活中不是没有美，而是缺少发现美的眼睛。
It's okay to have flaws, which make you real.		有点缺点没关系，这样才真实。
No one but ourselves can degrade us. 		没人能够贬低我们，除非是我们自己。
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.— Charles Dickens		想想你目前拥有的幸福，这每人都有很多 – 別回想以前的不幸，这每人或多或少都有一点。——查尔斯·狄更斯
Give everything a shot. You never know what or who is going to change your life.		任何事情都应该去尝试一下，因为你无法知道，什么样的事或者什么样的人将会改变你的一生。
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.		爱，起于微笑，浓于亲吻，逝于泪水。
Dreams never hurt anybody if he keeps working right behind the dream to make as much of it become real as he can.		只要持续的为梦想而努力，尽所能得让梦想实现，梦想是不会伤害任何人的。
You don't have to be skinny to be pretty. You just have to be happy with your body, that's what actually makes you look pretty.		你不需要把自己弄得骨瘦如柴才漂亮。开开心心接受你自己的身材，这才是让你变漂亮的原因。
It doesn't matter who my father was; it matters who I remember he was. - Anne Sexton		我的父亲是什么样的人并不重要，重要的是我心目中的父亲是什么样的人。——安妮·塞克斯顿
Don't let yourself be controlled by these three things: your past, people, and money. 		不要让自己被这三件事所控制：过去、别人和金钱。
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.		人们需要困难，因为有困难才能享受成功。
Raj: I don't like bugs, okay? They freak me out. Sheldon: Interesting.You're afraid of insects and women.Ladybugs must render you catatonic.		Raj：我不喜欢虫子行了吧？吓得我半死。谢耳朵：有意思。你害怕虫子，还有女人。要见着个花大姐准让你神经分裂了。
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades. -  Audrey Hepburn 		优雅是唯一不会褪色的美。——奥黛丽赫本
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.		逃避困难是一场永远跑不赢的比赛。
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does.		你必须在没有人相信你时相信自己。
Time would heal almost all wounds. If your wounds have not been healed up, please wait for a short while.		时间几乎会愈合所有伤口，如果你的伤口还没有愈合，请给时间一点时间！
No matter how hard the past is, you can always begin again. - Jack Kornfield		不管过去有多么困难，你都可以重新开始。– 杰克．康菲尔德
Sometimes, people cry not because they're weak. It's because they have been strong for too long. 		有的时候，人们之所以哭泣并不是因为软弱，而是因为他们坚强了太久。
The best make-up is smile. The best jewelry is modesty. The best clothing is confidence.		最好的妆容是微笑，最好的饰品是谦虚，最好的衣裳是自信。
One who knows when to speak will also know when to be silent.		知道什么时候应该说话的人，也知道什么时候应保持沉默。
I can accept failure,but I can't accept not trying. 		我可以接受失败，但我不能接受从不去尝试。——迈克尔·乔丹
Don't judge someone's past, when you haven't walked their journey!		如果你没有经历过别人所经历的事情，就不要去评判一个人的过去！
I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.		我认为从众的奖励就是除了你自己所有人都喜欢你。
Rain is falling all around;It falls on field and tree;It rains on the umbrella here;And on the ships at sea. 		雨儿在到处降落，它落在田野和树梢，它落在这边的雨伞上，又落在航海的船只上。
A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes, while everyone else believes the smile on your face.		真正的朋友能读懂你眼神中的哀伤，而其他人却相信你脸上的微笑。 
Take pride in how far you've come. Have faith in how far you can go. But don't forget to enjoy the journey.		对于你走完的路感到骄傲，对于你可以走多远感到自信，但不要忘记享受旅程。
By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.		还是结婚吧；如果你找到了一位好妻子，你会变得幸福；如果你有找到了一位坏妻子，你会成为一位哲人。——苏格拉底
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.— Joseph Addison		快乐人生的三个必要元素是，有要做的事、热爱的事及盼望的事。– 约瑟夫‧艾迪生
It is because you care for him so much that makes him outstanding. But if you don't, he is just nothing.		你在乎他，他才那么闪耀。你不在乎他，他就什么都不是。
If you must say yes, say it with an open heart. If you must say no, say it without fear.		必须说“可以”的时候，真心诚意地说出来；必须说“不行”的时候，毫不畏惧地说出来。
Apart from tears, only time could wear everything away. While feeling is being processed by time, conflicts would be reconciled as time goes by.		能冲刷一切的除了眼泪，就是时间，以时间来推移感情，时间越长，冲突越淡。
May there be enough clouds in your life to make a beautiful sunset.		愿你生命中有够多的云翳，来造就一个美丽的黄昏。——冰心
You'll be amazed at how high you can fly when you leave some of the baggage behind!		丢下一些包袱后，你会惊讶到，自己竟能飞得那么高。
No person deserves your tears, and who deserves them won't make you cry.		没有人值得你流泪，值得你流泪的人是不会让你哭的。
The good thing about being young is that you are not experienced enough to know you cannot possibly do the things you are doing. 		年轻的好处在于，你还没有太多经验，并天生相信一切皆可能。
Two of the hardest things to say in life are: hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.		最难开口的事就是，初次的问好，和最终的道别。
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about. 		世上只有一件事比被人议论更糟糕了，那就是没有人议论你。
The super happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.		 生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。
Life is sad at times, but it is up to you to make your own life happy.		生活有时是令人沮丧的，但你可以努力让自己过得开心。
It's better to try hard to love yourself more than to wait someone to love you.		与其等着别人来爱你，不如自己努力爱自己。
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.		在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。
From tomorrow on, I will be a happy man; grooming, chopping,and traveling all over the world.		从明天起，做一个幸福的人；喂马，劈柴，周游世界。——
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. 		欣赏和喜欢你拥有的东西，而不是你没有的东西，你才能快乐。
Trust is like a piece of paper. When it creases, it cannot recover even it is smoothed.		信任就像一张纸，皱了，即使抚平，也恢复不了原样了。
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.		浪漫的精髓就在于它充满种种可能。
Alone holding an oil-paper umbrella,I wander along a long solitary lane in the rain.		撑着油纸伞，独自彷徨在悠长，悠长又寂寥的雨巷。——
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.		当你心存感恩，恐惧会消失，内心也会感到丰裕富足。
Somethings we couldn't understand when we were young; when we finally understood, we are not young anymore.		有些事情，当我们年轻的时候无法懂得，当我们懂得的时候已不再年轻。 
If you earnestly admire yourself you'll have a real sense of self-appreciation.		只要你认真地欣赏自己，你就会拥有一个真正的自我。
If you really want to do something, you have to work very hard, take advantage of opportunity, and above all never give up.		若你真的想做某事，你得努力上进、善用机会，而最重要的是决不放弃。
Patience is a bitter plant that produces sweet fruit.		耐心是苦涩的树，但它会长出甜美的果实。
When a woman who has much to say says nothing, her silence can be deafening. 		当一个女人有千言万语要说但默默无语时，她的沉默振聋发聩。
I leave softly, gently,exactly as I came.		轻轻的我走了，正如我轻轻的来。——
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.		想要无可取代，就必须时刻与众不同。
Forget all the reasons why it won't work, and believe the one reason why it will. 		忘掉所有那些“不可能”的借口，去坚持那一个“可能”的理由。
Maybe the only way to console us is to have a warm quilt and an unknown dream.		也许只有夜晚一床温暖的棉被和一个好梦才可以慰藉我们。
Meet success like a gentleman and disaster like a man.		优雅地迎接成功，勇敢地面对挫折。
At the end of your life, you regret the stuff you didn't do more than the stuff that you did. 		人到了暮年，比起自己干过的事，会更后悔没有干过的。——
I'm nobody! Who are you? Are you nobody, too?		我是无名之辈，你是谁？你也是无名之辈？——Emily Dickinson
When something bad happens, there's no point in wishing it had not happened. The only option is to minimize the damage. 		事情已经发生了，还希望事情不要发生没有意义，当务之急是减少损失。——
Work banishes those three great evils: boredom, vice and poverty.		工作撵跑三个魔鬼：无聊，堕落和贫穷。
No one is indebted to others,while many people don't know how to cherish others.		没有谁对不起谁,只有谁不懂得珍惜谁。
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.		生活是条沉船,但我们不要忘了在救生艇上高歌。
If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion; if she is not emotional, she needs reason; if she is not reasonable, she has to know herself clearly. If not, she has only misfortune.		女人如果不性感，就要感性；如果没有感性，就要理性；如果没有理性，就要有自知之明；如果连这个都没有了，她只有不幸。
The greater the struggle, the more glorious the triumph.		挑战愈艰钜，胜利愈辉煌。
If you're prepared to adapt and learn, you can transform. 		如果你愿意改变和学习，你就能脱胎换骨。——
As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a tons of friends, and more important to have real ones.		长大了之后，我们发现，拥有几个真心朋友比找一大堆朋友要更重要。
If you're not doing anything silly, stupid, crazy, or embarrassing...you're not having any fun!		不曾傻过，蠢过，不曾疯狂过，不曾困窘过，人生便毫无乐趣。
Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.		不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
For many things, you only need to close your eyes and feel them with your heart.		对于很多事情，你只需紧闭双眼，用心去感受。
Complaining is like vomiting. Afterwards you feel better but everyone around you feels sick.		抱怨就跟呕吐一样。你自己是爽了，可你周围的人都得跟着遭殃。
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. 		生活中大多数的阴霾归咎于我们挡住了自己的阳光。——爱默生
Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.		不要去等待完美的时刻，把握好现在，让此刻变完美。
Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.		不要走在我后面，因为我可能不会引路；不要走在我前面，因为我可能不会跟随；请走在我的身边，做我的朋友。
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. 		永远宽恕你的敌人，没有什么能比这个更让他们恼怒的了。——王尔德
You smiled and talked to me of nothing and I felt that for this I had been waiting long. 		你微微地笑着，不同我说什么话。而我觉得，为了这个，我已等待很久了。——泰戈尔
Never hate those people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they are the ones who think that you are better than them.		不要讨厌那些嫉妒你的人，相反你应该尊重他们的妒忌心，因为在他们心里，你要比他们优秀。
When I say I know you,I mean I knew you yesterday. I do not know you actually now.		当我说认识你的时，我是说我认识昨天的你。我不认识现在的你。
The world is like a mirror; frown at it and it frowns at you; smile and it smiles too.		世界如一面镜子：皱眉视之，它也皱眉看你；笑着对它，它也笑着看你。
The life is not always full of multiple choices, but application questions which need us to prove little by little.		人生并非都是选择题，而是应用题，要我们一点一滴的论证。
There should be a better way to start a day than waking up every morning. 		应该有更好的方式开始新一天, 而不是千篇一律的在每个上午醒来。——
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside.		爱自己，保持乐观很重要，因为美丽是由内而外散发出来的。
When you can live forever, what do you live for? 		当你可以永生、你将为何而活？——
When I was a child,Nostalgia seemed a small stamp:"Here am I,And there ……my mother."		小时候，乡愁是一枚小小的邮票，我在这头，母亲在那头。——
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us. 		我们把世界看错了，反说它欺骗我们。——泰戈尔
The world may be full of cheating, however we never lack friends with a warm heart. 		有时候世界虽然是假的，但并不缺少真心对待我们的人。——
Take each man's censure, but reserve your judgment.		聆听他人之意见，但保留自己之判断。
Flowers are so inconsistent! But I was too young to know how to love her…		花总是表里不一，而我太年轻了，不知道该怎样爱护她……
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist. 		你有你的路。我有我的路。至于适当的路，正确的路和唯一的路，这样的路并不存在。——尼采
Anything is possible if you have got enough nerve. 		如果你有足够的勇气，那么一切皆有可能。
Try to hold the right hand with your left hand, and give yourself the most simple warmth. We should learn to get it by ourselves instead of craving for warmth from others.		试着用左手握住右手，给自己最简单的温暖，不再奢求别人的给予，开始学着自己给自己。
I don't really know where I'm going, but I hope I can go far.		我不太肯定我的方向，但是我希望自己能走的远一点。
Be strong, believe in who you are. Be strong, believe in what you feel.		强大一些，要相信你自己。坚定一些，要相信自己的感觉。
I can't give you the world,but I can give you my world. 		我不能给你全世界，但是我的世界可以全部给你。
Sometimes you just have to hold your head up high, try not to cry, and say goodbye！		有时候，你要做的就是，昂起自己的头，不让眼泪掉下来，然后潇洒的说一声：再见……
I stay up late every night and realize it's a bad idea every morning! 		每天早上都觉得自己晚上真不该熬夜！
Don't let your pride leave you all alone. 		别让你的骄傲使你孤独一人。——
Some scenery, once to see into the heart, even in the moment, is eternal.		有些风景，一旦入眼入心，即便刹那，也是永恒。
He, who is content with the least, is the richest, for content is the wealth of nature.		知足常乐者最富有，因为知足本身就是天然的财富。
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. 		只有去尝试做一些你不熟悉的事情你才能有所成长。
You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret of success.--Chaplin		人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。——卓别林
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. 		痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
My life didn't please me, so I created my life. - Coco Chanel		我的生活不曾取悦于我，所以我创造了自己的生活。——加布里埃·香奈儿
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.		但凡不能杀死你的，最终都会使你更强大。——尼采
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.		我们不是进步就是在退步，人生沒有所谓的停滞不前。
We laughed and kept saying "See you soon". But inside we both knew we'd never see each other again.		 虽然我们互相笑着说“回头见”，但是我们都心知肚明，分离即永别。
To be a happy man: read, travel, work hard and care for the body and mind.		做一个幸福的人，读书，旅行，努力工作，关心身体和心情。
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Hemingway		确认某些人是否可以信任的最好的办法，就是信任他们。——海明威
Tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take our Freedom!		告诉敌人，他们也许能夺走我们的生命，但是，他们永远夺不走我们的自由！
A little bit more happy every day is the best return.		每天多开心一些就是对自己最好的回报。 
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Till your good is better and your better is best.		好，更好，最好，别让它停止。直到你的好成为更好，你的更好成为最好。
Why must I be a tiny part of others' life since I am such a nice person? 		我大好的一个人，凭什么跑到别人的生命里去当插曲。
As the bright moon shines over the sea,From far away you share this moment with me.		海上生明月，天涯共此时。
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.		世上最简单的事就是做自己，最困难的事是成为别人眼中的自己。别让他人使自己陷入困难的境地。
Life's like a play: It's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.		生活如一个剧本：重要的不是长度而是演出精彩与否。
If I have no knife,I can't protect you.If I had a sword,I can't hold you. 		如果我没有刀，我就不能保护你。如果我有刀，我就不能拥抱你。
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.– Bruce Lee		不要祈求安逸的人生，祈求拥有撑过艰难的力量。– 李小龙
Crouch down and hold your knees when you are depressed. Forgive others and yourself.		郁闷的时候蹲下来抱抱自己，原谅别人也原谅自己。
No matter when you start, it is important that you do not stop after starting. No matter when you end, it is more important that you do not regret after ending.		不论你什么时候开始，重要的是开始之后就不要轻言放弃;不论你什么时候结束，重要的是结束之后就不要后悔。
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. 		心态积极的人能够看到别人无法看到的，感悟别人无法感悟的，完成他人无法完成的。
We are born losers, so we must do our best  to get what we want.		我们天生就是输家，所以必须竭尽全力才能得到我们想要的东西。——
Fish and visitors smell three days. - Franklin		鱼放三天发臭，客住三天讨嫌。——富兰克林
If you're lucky enough to be different, don't ever change. 		与众不同的你是幸运的，何必让自己变得与别人一样。
When a cigarette falls in love with a match,it is destined to be hurt.		香烟爱上火柴，注定会受到伤害。
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.		生活是世上最罕见的事情，大多数人只是存在，仅此而已。
The mature never ask the past, the wise never ask the present and the open-minded never ask the future. 		成熟的人不问过去，聪明的人不问现在，豁达的人不问未来。
Be yourself. The world worships the original.		做你自己，这世界崇拜原创性。
There is only one success --- to be able to spend your life in your own way.		只有一种成功，那就是能够用自己的方式度过自己的一生。
If I didn't define who I was and what I wanted, then someone else would.		如果自己不找准定位，别人就会按他们的想法给我定位。
No matter how bad it gets,the sun will always come out.		不管阴雨如何连绵，太阳总会出现。
One day someone will walk into your life, then you realize love is always worth waiting for. 		有一天那个人走进了你的生命，你就会明白，真爱总是值得等待的。
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright.-- Goethe		只要我们能善用时间,就永远不愁时间不够用。——歌德
We laughed and kept saying "See you soon". But inside we both knew we'd never see each other again. 		虽然我们互相笑着说“回头见”，但是我们都心知肚明，分离即永别。——
We can't help everyone,but everyone can help someone.		我们不能帮助每一个人，但每个人都可以帮助别人。
Let us always meet each other with a smile,for the smile is the beginning of love.		遇到对方的时候都微笑一下吧，因为微笑是爱的开始。
Before you talk, listen; before you react, think; before you spend, earn; before you quit, try.		在你说话之前，先听；在你回应之前，先想；在你消费之前，先挣；在你退出之前，先试。
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. – Steve Jobs		你的生命有限，所以别浪费时间去过别人的生活。——史蒂夫•乔布斯
You are a part and puzzle of someone's life. You may never know where you fit, but always remember that someone's life may not be complete without you! 		你是某个人生命拼图中的一小块，也许你永远都不知道自己的位置在哪儿，但请记住: 没有你，他的生命是不完整的。
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.		如果你继续去寻找幸福是由什么组成的，那你永远不会找到幸福。如果你一直在找人生的意义，你永远不会生活。
The sky is blue, the grass is green, may we have our Halloween.		天是蓝色，地是绿色，齐来庆祝万圣节前夜！
Each moment in history is a fleeting time, precious and unique.		历史巨轮飞转，分分秒秒的时间都十分宝贵，也独具意义。
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.		天赋是上帝给予的，要谦虚。名声是别人给予的，要感激。自负是自己给的，要小心。
Only in your smile, I just have to breathe. -- Dickens		只有在你的微笑里，我才有呼吸。——狄更斯 
If you want to change something, start with baby steps. Take a small action - any action - and grow from there.		如果你想要做出改变，就从第一步开始。做出一点小的行动，任何一种行动都行，然后就从这里开始。
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.		读书而不思考,等于吃饭而不消化。
It's lucky to gain and fated to miss. 		得之，我幸。不得，我命。
Knowing something of everything and everything of something.		通百艺而专一长。
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.		只要你记得我，我不介意整个世界都把我遗忘了。
If we do what is necessary, all the odds are in our favor.		如果我们做该做的事，所有的胜算都会高一点。
Be regretting your own mistakes, and strive not to repeat, which is true repentance.		悔恨自己的错误，而且力求不再重蹈覆辙，这才是真正的悔悟。——海明威
Thanks to Cupid's arrow, we meet each other.		我们的相遇，是上帝的指引，月老的安排。——
As for me, if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water.		如果是我，要是我有五十三分钟可以自由运用，那我会悠哉游哉向一道清泉走去。——
All the bright,precious things fade so fast. And they don't come back. 		所有的光鲜靓丽都敌不过时间，并且一去不复返。——
Content makes poor men rich;discontent makes rich men poor. 		知足使贫穷的人富有；而贪婪使富足的人贫穷。
Everyone's heart is a piece of sea, shining bottomless blue. 		每个人的心都是一片海，闪耀着深不见底的幽蓝。
Justice must not only be done, but must be seen to be done.		正义不仅应得到实现，而且还应以人们看得见的方式实现。
My last salutation are to them who knew me imperfect and loved me.		我最后的敬礼献给那些知道我不完美却依然爱我的人。——泰戈尔
The most important thing is to enjoy life - to be happy.		最重要的是享受生活 - 要快乐。——赫本
In this life I wait for you, not because of, not so. 		这辈子我等你，没有因为，没有所以。
For every beauty there is an eye to see it. For every truth there is an ear to hear it. For every love there is a heart to receive it.		每一种美，都会有一双眼睛能看到；每一个真相，都有一双耳朵会听到；每一份爱，总会有一颗心会感受到。
Let Plato be your friend, and Aristotle, but more let your friend be truth.		与亚里士多德为友,与柏拉图为友,更与真理为友。——
Our greatest glory is not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall.		我们最值得自豪的不在于从不跌倒，而在于每次跌倒之后都能爬起来。
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. 		感谢是感恩的开始，感恩是感谢的升华。
The tongue is boneless but it breaks bones.		舌无骨却能折断骨。
Never say goodbye because saying goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.		永远都不要说再见，因为说再见意味着离开，离开意味着遗忘。
It's in the nature of the human being to face challenges. … We’re required to do these things just as salmon swim upstream.		人的天性是面对挑战… 我们必须做这些事，就像鲑鱼逆流而上。
Think highly of yourself because the world takes you at your own estimate.		自视高一点，这世界是以你对自己的评估来判断你。
This may be a sad chapter but you are not a sad story.		这或许是个悲伤的章节，但你不是其忧伤的一笔。
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.		人生的伟大目的不在于知而在于行。
To embrace difference,and to end discrimination with love.		拥抱不同！用关爱消除歧视！
The deepest love I think,later than apart,I will live as you like. 		我所认为最深沉的爱,莫过于分开以后,我将自己活成了你的样子。
You're not alone. You still have family, people who care for you and want to save you. 		你并非孤身一人，你还有那些在乎你、想要拯救你的人，那就是你的家人。
Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success. 		同情一个朋友的苦难是任何人都能做到的，但认同一个朋友的成功则需要十分出色的素质。
I always in the deepest despair, meet the most beautiful surprise.		我总在最深的绝望里，遇见最美丽的惊喜。
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting sth. we don't have,but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.		我们总是忘记这一点:快乐不是得到我们所没有的，而是认识并感恩我们所拥有的。
The snow glows white on the mountain tonight.		霜辄夜白，日暮尽苍生远。
There will be obstacles.There will be doubters.There will be mistakes.But with hard work,there are no limits.		你将遇到障碍、遇到怀疑你的人，你也会犯错，但透过努力，你不会有极限。
I'm not lazy, I just really enjoy doing nothing. 		我不懒，我只是喜欢什么也不做而已。
The world has changed, and we must change with it.		世界已经变了，我们必须同时改变。
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp,but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.		幸福有如蝴蝶，你追逐它时永远捉不到，你静坐下来，它却可能落在你身上。
I'm afraid my best friend has a best friend of his own.It feels like being in broken relationship.		我好怕我的好朋友有了自己的好朋友。感觉像失恋了一样。
​​​​The more desire you have, the more panic and anxious you become.		有多少欲望，就有多少慌张，就有多少焦虑。
Up to now, everything is all right. More power to your elbow!		迄今为止，一切都好，加油干吧!
May all your troubles be litle ones.		但愿你的一切烦恼都是小事。
Don't undermine your worth by comparing yourself and others.		别拿自己和别人比较，这样只会破坏你的价值。
When the world says "Give up", I hope there are whispers saying "Try it one more time." 		当全世界都要我放弃时，期待有人轻语一声，“再试一次”。
Not everybody could sail the ocean, but still we could share this dream.		不是每个人都能成为销魂的船长，但都可以让梦想远航。
You can change your life if you want to. Sometimes, you have to be hard on yourself, but you can change it completely.		有志者事竟成。有时虽然劳其筋骨，但是命运可以彻底改变。
From small beginning come great things.		伟大始于渺小。
If you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen. 		你若勤勤恳恳，又善良，那好事总会发生在你身上的。
Hope all your Christmas dreams come true!		愿你所有的圣诞梦想都成真！
You do not succeed because you do not know what you want or you don't want it intensely enough.		你没有成功因为你不知道你想要什么或你想要的还不够强烈。
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.		只有足够黑暗的时候，才能看见星星。
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.		爱不是彼此凝视，而是一起注视同一个方向。
No matter how far you have gone down the wrong road, turn back.		不管你在错的路上已走了多远，必须回头。
If you helped others, never say it. If you were helped, never forget it.		施人之恩，不发于言。受人之惠，不忘于心。
Past is experience, present is experiment,and future is expectation. Use your experience for your experiments to achieve your expectation.		过去是经历，现在是尝试，未来是期待。用经历尝试就会达到你的期待。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start now and make a new ending.		没有人可以回到过去重新开始，但谁都可以从现在开始，书写一个全然不同的结局。
I don’t have an attitude, just a personality you can’t handle.		我有的不是态度，而是一种你无法驾驭的个性。
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.		主宰命运的不是机会，而是选择；机会不是等来的，是争取来的。
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.		真正的朋友会接受你的过去，力挺你的现在，鼓舞你的将来。
Not everything makes sense. Not everything has to. 		不是每件事都解释得通，也不是每件事都必须解释得通。
Let me tell you something my friend: Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.		 听我说，朋友，希望是件危险的事。希望能叫人发疯。
Look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, what do I want to do everyday for the rest of my life … Do that.		问镜子里的自己，接下来的日子我每天想做什么… 然后去做。
Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit, and you reap a character. Sow a character, and you reap a destiny.		行为发展成习惯，习惯发展为性格，性格伴随人的一生。
Seems right now, that all I have done in my life was making my way here to you.		我今天才知道，我之所以漂泊就是在向你靠近。
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live. 		过自己想要的生活不是自私，要求别人按自己的意愿生活才是。
Please don't deceive yourself. Don't let yourself get too tired. 		请别再欺骗你自己，别让自己活得太累。
I don't want to be someone that you're settling for. I don't want to be someone that anyone settles for.		我不想要你将就,我也不想成为任何人将就的对象。
Never put your happiness in someone else's hands. 		永远不要把自己的幸福放到别人的手中。
Weep no more, no sigh, nor groan. Sorrow calls no time that’s gone.		别哭泣，别叹息，别呻吟；悲伤唤不回流逝的时光。
You will meet two kinds of people in life: ones who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you'll thank them both.		生命中你会遇到两种人：一种是鼓励你的人，一种是打击你的人，最终，这两者都要感谢。 ​​​​
Life turns out to be better only if you think from others' perspective.		懂得换位思考，人生才会更美好。 
When you are afraid of losing something ,it means that you have no choice but to abandon it or give up yourself. 		当你害怕失去一样东西时，这意味着，你要么放弃这样东西，要么放弃你自己。
If you constantly regret things you did or didn't do in the past, then you won't be able to move forward. Don't live in the past. Live in the present…and the future! 		要是总为过去的事后悔，那你会很难继续前行。不要沉溺于往事。活在当下，看向未来！
Once we dreamt that we were strangers. We wake up to find that we were dear to each other. 		我们一度梦见彼此是陌生人，醒来时发现彼此是相亲相爱的。
When you're down and out, remember to keep your head up. When you're up and well, remember to keep your feet down.		穷困潦倒时，要抬头挺胸；春风得意时，要脚踏实地。
Accept what was and what is, and you’ll have more positive energy to pursue what will be. 		接受过去和现在的模样，才会有能量去追寻自己的未来。
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that’s when we find out just how strong we really are.		我们都有绝望的时候，只有在勇敢面对时，我们才知道我们有多坚强。
Maybe the places that have not been to have been called far away, the people who don't be have are more memorable. 		 大概没去过的地方都叫远方，没得到的人都比较难忘。
 Every loser knows the ways to succeed, but only the successful ones really carry them out persistently. 		每个失败者都知道成功的方法，只有成功者是按照方法坚持去做。 ​​​​
When you rise in life, your friend knows who you are. When you fall down, you know who are your friends.		当你步步高升时，你的朋友知道你是谁；当你每况愈下时，你会知道谁是你的朋友。 ​​​
I truly beg you that you can believe how special you are and love who you really love, do what you should do, follow your heart without caring about practical gains or loss.		愿你在迷茫时，坚信你的珍贵，爱你所爱，行你所行，听从你心，无问西东。
There are both views and traps everywhere in life.Make yourself strong enough to endure impending storms.		人生处处是风景，也处处是陷阱。努力使自己变得强大起来，当风雨来时才能够抵挡。
True friends think about you, worry about you, and tell you when they're worried.		真正的朋友会为你考虑，会担心你，也会和你倾诉他们的忧愁。
Things that make life easier: a parent's hug, a lover's kiss, and a friend's support. 		让生活变得轻松的三样东西：父母的拥抱、恋人的亲吻，以及朋友的支持。
Take endeavor as a habit instead of temporary passion.		把努力当成你的习惯，而不是一时心血来潮。
Hold fast to your dreams and you can soar even without wings. 		坚持自己的梦想，即使没有翅膀也能飞翔。
Love is hard, but the reason I still persist is you.		爱情很难，因为是你，所以再难我都坚持到最后。
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down. 		真正的朋友绝不会阻挡你的道路，除非你在走下坡路。
Life is too short to waste on disappointments. If it is not the end, please smile and go straight ahead. 		生命太短，没时间留给遗憾。若不是终点，请微笑一直向前。
Only if the first sign of life, you said I was a piece of pure time, I accompany you to see. 		人生若只如初见，你衔我一片纯白岁月，我陪你看细水长流。
Our growth depends not on how many experiences we devour, but on how many we digest.		 囫囵吞枣的人生不是成长，成长是对过往经历的的细细品味领会。
You must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all.		你必须努力去寻找自己的声音，因为你越迟开始寻找，找到的可能性越小。
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.		最痛苦的事情是， 在太爱一个人的过程中丧失了自我，忘记了自己也很特别。
Home is a place you grow up wanting to leave, and grow old wanting to get back to. 		 家是一个你年轻时想离开，年纪大了又想要回归的地方。
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory. 		有时候，直到一些珍贵的时刻成为了回忆，你才会真正意识到它的价值所在。
Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort. 		不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。
When you finally go back to your old home, you find it wasn't the old home you missed but your childhood.		时隔多年，你终于回到故乡，这才发现你想念的不是这个地方，而是你的童年。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. 		没有人可以回到过去从头再来，但是每个人都可以从今天开始，创造一个全新的结局。
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. 		获取幸福最重要的是：有所为，有所爱，有所期待。
Being single means that you are strong enough and patient to wait for the one who deserves you.		单身意味着你足够坚强，有足够的耐心去等待值得拥有你的那个人。
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters. 		享受生活才是最重要的，要快乐，这样就够了。
New Year is about getting another chance. A chance to forgive, to do better, to give more, to love more.Happy New Year！		新年是给我们一个新的机会去原谅，去进步，去给予更多，去爱得更多。 ​​​​新年快乐！
When you find real friends, hold on to them, treasure them, spend time with them, be kind to them, love them. 		当找到真正的朋友时，得好好的把握住他们，珍惜他们，和他们共度美好时光，真心对他们，爱他们。 ​​​​
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. So, the love of a family is life's greatest blessing. 		有很多别的事情会改变我们，然而我们源于家庭，归于家庭。因此，家人的爱是生命中最大的福分。 
Everybody wants happiness. No one wants pain. But how can you make a rainbow without a little rain? 		人人都想要幸福，却不愿承受痛苦。可不经历风雨，怎能见彩虹？ 
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.		遇见你是命运的安排，成为了朋友是我的选择，而爱上你是我无法控制的意外。 ​​​​
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. 		家，是爱之所在。也许我们脚步渐远，但心从未离开。
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.		实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even if contact is lost. 		友情是理解，不是妥协；是原谅，不是遗忘。即使不联系，感情依然在。
If you want love, then this is it. This is real life. It's not perfect but it's real. 		如果你想要爱情，这就是爱。现实生活就是如此，它不完美，但千真万确。
It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning's winning.		不管你赢了一寸还是一里，赢了就是赢了。
Making a million friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make  a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.		交许许多多的朋友不是什么奇迹，真正的奇迹是当所有人都弃你而去的时候，还有一个朋友坚定的站在你这一边。
Promises are often like the butterfly, which disappear after beautiful hover.		承诺常常很像蝴蝶，美丽的盘旋后就不见了。
Fading is true while flowering is past.		凋谢是真实的，盛开只是一种过去。
Some things are not  to see to insist, but insisted the will sees hope.		有些事情不是看到希望才去坚持，而是坚持了才会看到希望。
Home is not where you live but where they understand you.		栖身之所不一定是家，有人懂你之处才是家。
True friends will always find a way to help you. Fake friends will always find an excuse. 		真心朋友总会找机会帮你，假意朋友总会找借口不帮。 ​​​​
I don't let myself down, because I have met you in my most gorgeous age.		能够在最美的时光和你相遇，才算没有辜负自己。
Don't be afraid of the darkness. Don't be afraid to chase your dreams. Don't be afraid to be yourself. Follow your own path.		不要害怕黑暗，不要害怕追寻自己的梦想，不要害怕做与众不同的自己，走你自己的路。
True love is not the temporary likeness, and I know it's the feeling—meeting you is hard and it will be a pity if I miss you.		真正的爱情不是一时好感，而是我知道遇到你不容易，错过了会很可惜。 
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.		面对敌人需要勇气，但敢于直面朋友，需要更大的勇气。
Falling in love with yourself first doesn’t make you vain or selfish, it makes you indestructible. 		先爱自己不会让你变得无用或自私，它会让你无坚不摧。
Water can carve its way, even through stone. And when trapped, water makes a new path.		水滴能穿石，即便困于一隅，也能另辟蹊径。
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.		真正的朋友是‘全世界与我为敌，他与全世界为敌’。
Life is not always what we want it to be. We fight. We cry. And sometimes, we give up. But there is always hope in our heart.		 生活有时不尽如人意。我们挣扎、哭泣，有时甚至放弃。但内心始终充满希望。
I know someone in the world is waiting for me, although I've no idea of who he is. But I feel happy every day for this.		我知道这世上有人在等我，尽管我不知道我在等谁。但是因为这样，我每天都非常快乐。
Every soil,where he is well,is to a valiant man his natural country.		勇敢的人随遇而安, 所到之处都是故乡。
Look up at the stars, not down at your feet.		请仰望星空，而不要俯视脚下。
Sometimes people don't need advice, they just need someone to listen and care.		有时候人们需要的不是建议，而是能有一个人来倾听和关心自己。
Don't push your friends into your stuff, let them find it and like it if they want to.		不要强迫你的朋友尝试去爱你所爱的，除非他们自已愿意。
 If you truly take care of your heart, you will be amazed at how much girls start lining up at your front door.		如果你真的照顾好自己的心，你会惊讶的发现，不知有多少那样的姑娘在你门前排长队。
We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars, now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.		我们曾经仰望星空，思考我们在宇宙中的位置，而现在我们只会低着头，担心如何在这片土地上活下去。
We take a minute to have a crush on someone but a lifetime to forget someone.		我们会用一分钟的时间去迷恋一个人却用一辈子的时间去忘记一个人。
Destiny is something we've invented because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental.		所谓命运不过是托辞，因为我们无法忍受所有事情发生都是偶然的事实。
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead.  Walk beside me, just be my friend.		不要走在我前面，我可能追不上你 ；不要走在我后面，我可能不会引路；走在我旁边，做我的朋友就好。
It is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary. 		平凡人也能够选择做到不平凡。
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What's essential is invisible to the eyes. 		一个人只有用心去看，才能看到真实。事情的真相只用眼睛是看不见的。
There will always be prettier and uglier people than you. Accept it and move on.		在这个世界上，多得是比你丑和比你美的人。所以，不必纠结太多，勇往前行。
I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accident alike on a breeze.		我不懂，是我们有着各自不同的命运，还是，我们只不过都是在风中，茫然飘荡。
 We laughed and kept saying 'see u soon', but inside we both knew we'd never see each other again.		我们笑着说再见，却深知再见遥遥无期。
Be kind, for everyone is fighting a hard battle. And if you really wanna see what people are, all you have to do is look.		善良一点，因为大家的一生都不容易。如果你想真正了解他人，你需要用心去看。
Things that are hard to say, are usually the most important.		最重要的事往往最难说出口。
Sometimes, the silence seemed to connect us in a way that words never could.		有时候沉默对我们而言胜过千言万语。
Save some time to be lazy, it's good for you. 		偶尔赖赖床，没什么不好。
Never lie to someone who trust you. Never trust someone who lies to you.		不要欺骗任何相信你的人，不要相信任何欺骗你的人。
It is not crowded on the way up. It is crowded where many people choose to stay within the comfort zone. 		向上的路，并不拥挤。拥挤是因为，大部分人选择了安逸。
Many people live a tangled life, for they want to gain others' recognition, but unable to polish themselves peacefully.		很多人之所以活得纠结，是因为既想得到别人的认可，却又无法静下心来提升自己！
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.		在差异中寻求彼此的共同点,这就是爱。
Remember me before the memory of the love disappears.		在爱的记忆消失以前，请记住我。
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.		成功不是终点，失败也并非末日，最重要的是继续前进的勇气。
Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it’s gone. Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering.		耽溺回忆不如活在当下，让此刻成为未来荣耀之日。
The more you fear to change and lose, the more likely you  will lose it without changing yourself.		你越是害怕去改变和失去，就越容易因不思进取而一无所有。
When I saw you I fell in love. And you smiled because you knew.		看到你的那一刻，我爱上了你。你微笑，因为你知道。
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long. 		在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。
In music one must think with the heart and feel with the brains.		音乐要用心灵去听， 用头脑去感觉。
Sometimes there is no next time, no time-outs, no second chances; sometimes it's now or never. 		有时候，真的没有下一次，没有暂停继续，没有机会重来。有时候，错过了就永远没机会了。
The furthest distance in the world is not between life and death. But when I stand in front of you, yet you don't know that I love you.		世界上最遥远的距离不是生与死，而是我就站在你面前，你却不知道我爱你。
The more we love our friends, the less we flatter them.		 对朋友爱得越深, 奉承得就越少。
There's a kind of poverty called short-sightedness.		有一种“贫穷”叫短视。
Time is a self proclaimed quack which can cure all diseases.		时间只是一个自称能包治百病的庸医。
True victory was lasting peace, not war.		真正的胜利是持久的和平，而不是战争。
The business of life is the acquisition of memories. In the end that's all there is.		人生就是不断收集回忆的过程，最终能陪伴我们的，也只有回忆了。
Only the brave man know how to tolerant. Coward never tolerant, it is not his nature.		只有勇敢的人才懂得如何宽容；懦夫绝不会宽容，这不是他的本性。
Spring breeze miles, less than to meet you; Clear blue skies, not as good as you are in my heart. ​​​​		春风十里，不及相遇有你； 晴空万里，不及心中有你。
Things have a way of working out when you least expect it. Never give it up. 		事情总是在你最不抱期望的时候得到解决，所以，永远不要放弃。
Love means never having to say you’re sorry.		爱意味着永远不必说抱歉。
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, it is our choices.		让我们成为什么样的人，并不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
Here comes a point when a reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit that he's made a terrible mistake.		懂道理的人，终会有放下自尊、坦承他犯下严重错误的时刻。
If life is divided by two,the former is "no hesitation" and the latter is "no regret".		若将人生一分为二，前半段叫做 “不犹豫”，后半段叫做 “不后悔”。 
The night opens the flowers in secret and allows the day to get thanks.		黑夜默默地绽放花儿，把赞美留给白昼。
We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are. 		我们生来就是为了坚持，这样我们才能明白自己是谁。
It's important to be with someone who gives you comfort, because love fades, but companionship stays.		重要的是，要选择一个让自己自在的人，因为两个人可能不再缠绵悱恻，却会相守一生。
When you choose to be a sunny, happy person, a rainstorm becomes just another excuse to dance.		一旦选择做一个阳光，快乐的人，那风雨也只会是让你起舞的理由。
Nothing is to be got without pains but poverty.		世上唯有贫穷可以不劳而获。
Don’t be concerned with the distance of the journey. Every new step provides a new view; every new destination creates new joy. 		怕什么路途遥远。走一步有一步的风景，进一步有一步的欢喜。
God is always playing tricks on people, arranging them to meet but then to separate.		老天总是捉弄人，安排了相遇，却又策划了分离。
Life isn’t always perfect. Life isn’t always easy. Life doesn’t always make sense. But that’s the beauty of life.		生活不总是完美无缺，轻而易举或者合情合理。但这就是生活的美好之所在。
Tears are words from the heart that can't be spoken. 		眼泪是来自心底却说不出口的话。
You are not ordinary, you are born to stand out.		你天生与众不同,注定不会被淹没在人群中。
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.		勇气是一切美德攀登的阶梯。
The longest way must have its close;the gloomiest night will wear on to a morning. 		最长的路也有尽头，最黑暗的夜晚也会迎接清晨。
It is no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.		回到昨天毫无用处，因为今天的我和过去有所不同。
Time can heal a broken heart, but it can also break a waiting heart.		时间可以治愈一颗受伤的心，同样也可以撕裂一颗等待的心。
As long as we have memories, yesterday remains. As long as we have hopes, tomorrow awaits.		只要我们还有回忆，昨日仍在。只要我们还有希望，明日尚待。
Knowledge is a city to the building of which every human being brought  a stone. 		知识是一座城堡，每个人都应为它增砖添瓦。
A strong man will struggle with the storms of fate.		强者能同命运的风暴抗争。
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. 		只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。 
When you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and search your soul. You will find a hero lies in you. 		当你感觉希望不在的时候，看一下自己的内心世界，探寻一下自己的灵魂，你会在你心中找到一个英雄。
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.		爱不是从相互凝视之中获得的，倒是可以由同朝一个方向眺望而产生，这是生活给予我们的教训。
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one, so that when we finally meet the person, we will know how to be grateful. 		在遇到梦中人之前，上天也许会安排我们先遇到别的人，在我们终于遇见心仪的人时，便应当心存感激。 
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.		我们看起来似乎痛苦的试炼，常常是伪装起来的好运。
Love is the only thing that holds the dark at bay.		唯有爱可以把黑暗囚在波港湾里。
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and love today. 		我不害怕明天，因为我经历过昨天，又热爱今天。
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I would spend six hours sharpening my ax.		如果我有八小时砍倒一棵树，我会拿六小时来磨斧头。
The stars change, but the mind remains the same.		繁星纵变，但智慧永恒。
A friend is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best things you can be.		拥有朋友是最美好的一件事，成为别人的朋友是最美妙的一件事。
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.		生活本身就是最美妙的童话故事。
Only those who capture the moment are real.		把握当下才是真。
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.		当你想做成一件事情的时候，全宇宙都会帮助你得到它。
You cannot do it-that is the biggest lie on earth.		世界上最大的谎言就是你不行。
The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.		生命的意义不仅在于简单的存在与活着，而是去前行、进步、获取和征服。
Success does not consist in never  making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.		成功并不在于从不犯错，而在于不重蹈覆辙。
Only the deaf appreciate hearing, only the blind realize the manifold blessings that lie  in sight.		只有聋子才珍惜听力，只有盲人才能感受到得见光明的喜悦。
Childhood is the golden field, the green river, and the colorful pebble beach.		童年是金色的田野，是青青的小河，是五彩斑斓的卵石滩。
Truly, life smells like an onion: You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.		其实，生活就像洋葱，一片一片剥下去，总有一片让你流泪。
There are no easy answers, there is only living through the questions.		生活从来没有容易的答案，只有去克服重重问题。
The world always makes way for the dreamer.		世界总为梦想者让路。
If I should meet thee, after long years. How should I greet thee, with silence and tears.		若我会见到你，事隔经年。我该如何致意，以眼泪，以沉默。
There is nothing difficult for us to do in the world. If we do it, the difficult thing will be easy; if we do not, the easy thing will be difficult.		天下事有难易乎？为之，则难者亦易矣；不为，则易者亦难矣。
Do not let your dream be dream.		别让你的梦想只成为梦想。
To never forget how much your family loves you.		永远不要忘记你的家人有多爱你。
Happiness is always around us if we put our hearts into life.		如果我们把我们的心真正投入到生活之中，那么幸福快乐就总是在我们身边。
No one is indebted for others, while many people do not know how to cherish others.		没有谁对不起谁，只有谁不懂得珍惜谁。
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.		每个人都是天才。但如果硬要以鱼儿爬树的本领，来评估它的能力，它这辈子都会觉得自己是条蠢鱼。
We are here to put a dent in the universe.		活着就是为了改变世界。
With great power there must come great responsibility.		有多大能力就会有多大责任。
There is no solace above or below. Only us... Small, solitary, battling one another. I pray to myself, for myself.		天堂地狱都没法给你慰藉，只有我们自己：渺小，孤独，奋斗，与彼此抗争。我向自己祈祷，为自己祈祷。
I am only brave when I have to be. Being brave does not mean you go looking for trouble.		我只是在必要的时候才会勇敢，勇敢并不代表你要到处闯祸。  
My father is my hero, all throughout my life.		我的父亲就是我的英雄，从始至终。
If you see something wrong happening in the world, you can either do nothing, or you can do something.		如果你看到这个世界出了问题，你要么别插手，要么去改变她。
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that's counted truly counts.		不是所有有价值的事物都可以被计算，也不是所有可计算的事物都值得去计算。
A pearl is a temple built by pain around a grain of sand.		一粒珍珠，是痛苦围绕着一粒沙子所建造起来的庙宇。 
I will send you all my love everyday in a letter sealed with a kiss.		我将每天把我的爱情，装进以吻封缄的信封里送给你。
If you don't go for a walk, you'll think this is the world.		如果你不出去走走，你就会以为这就是全世界。
I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.		我发现人是值得活的。若再给我一次生命，我将欣然接受这难得的赐予。
No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin. They can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart.		没有人生来就因为肤色去憎恨别人。每个人都可以学会去爱，因为爱自在人心。
If you missed the train I'm on, you will know that I am gone, you can hear the whistle blow a hundred miles.		如果你错过我坐的这趟火车，你就该明白我已离去，你可以听见一百里外飘来的汽笛声。
Doing what you like is freedom, liking what you do is happiness.		自由是做你自己喜欢的事，而幸福却是喜欢你自己做的事。
You may lose faith with us, but never with yourself.		你也许会对我们失去信心，但永远不要对你自己失去信心。
It's just a game, so go and play.		那只是一场比赛，重要的是永不低头。
As long as we're running, as long as we don't stop, who knows what's going on ahead?		只要我们还在跑，只要我们始终不停下来，谁又知道前方会发生什么呢？
If you have faith, you can do anything.		坚信的，总会成功。
Ordinary steps can also take a great trip.		平凡的脚步也可以走完伟大的行程。
A person's character is not determined by how he or she enjoys victory, but rather how he or she endures defeat.		一个人的人格不取决于他如何享受胜利，而在于这个人如何忍受失败。
If by life you were deceived, don't be dismal, don't be wild! In the day of grief, be mild. Merry days will come, believe.		假如生活欺骗了你，不要悲伤，不要心急！忧郁的日子里须要镇静：相信吧，快乐的日子将会来临！
This kind of certainty comes just once in a lifetime.		这样确信无疑的爱，一生只此一次。
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.		世上没有绝对的善与恶，差别只在于强者和无法分清事实的弱者。
Man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains.		人是生而自由的，却处处受到束缚。
People are always writing things about me. It is up to them, for me it is not a problem. I will just try to play well and do my best. I am just focused on playing good football.		人们总是会写一些我的事情。这是他们的事，对我来说，我只需要尽最大努力踢好球。把球踢好就足够了。
I love three things in the world: the sun, the moon, and you. The sun for day, the moon for night, and you forever.		吾独爱世间三物：昼之日，夜之月，汝之永恒。
The more you study, the more you will find yourself ignorant.		学，然后知不足。
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.		林子里有两条路，我选择了行人稀少的那一条，它改变了我的一生。
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.		信念坚定，如虎添翼。
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts.		成功并不是终点，失败也不会致命，真正重要的是继续走下去的勇气。
Thoreau said: most men lead lives of quiet desperation.		梭罗说：“大多数人都生活在平静的绝望中。”
Positive people are lucky people, they can see the roses while others see only the thorns.		积极的人是幸运的人，当别人只看到刺的时候，他们却可以看到玫瑰。
Memory is a kind of want to see, and forgetting is a form of relief.		记忆是一种相见的形式，忘却是一种解脱的方式。
No matter what situation we face, no matter how contradictory our hearts are, we always have a choice. What kind of person we are depends on who we choose to be.		不管我们面对什么处境，不管我们的内心多么矛盾，我们总有选择。我们是什么样的人，取决于我们选择做什么样的人。
An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding. Pursue your object, be it what it will, steadily and indefatigable.		人生的目标是唯一值得发现的财富。追求你的目标，无论它是什么，都将是稳定和不屈不挠的。
Human life is like flowing water, only when it hits isles and reefs can it create beautiful waves.		人的生命，似洪水奔流，不遇岛屿和暗礁，难以激起美丽的浪花。
Life means progress, and progress means suffering.		生活意味着进步，进步意味着受苦。
Nothing is impossible when you believe in yourself.		只要相信你自己，就没有什么不可能。
Nobody sees a flower really, it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.		没有人真正看过一朵花，花那么小。我们又没有时间，看花可是要花时间的，就像交朋友也要花时间。
You can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.		如果你不能飞，那就跑；如果跑不动，那就走；实在走不了，那就爬。无论怎样，你都要勇往直前。
With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. 		我用同样的激情去寻求知识。我希望能理解人类的心灵，希望能够知道群星为何闪烁。
Give me your best shot. I'm not gonna give up, I will never give in.		你最好给我狠狠的一击，但是我绝不会因此放弃，也绝不可能屈服。
Some men see things as they are and say, why. I dream things that never were and say, why not.		有些人只能看到已有的事物，然后只会问为什么会这样？我梦想那些从来没有的事情，然后问为什么不那样？
It turns out I don't need a medal to tell me I'm a good guy. Because of that kid likes me. How bad can I be.		其实我不需要一个勋章开证明我是个好人，如果连那样的小女孩都喜欢我，我能坏到哪儿去呢？
In me the tiger sniffes the rose, after the feast bursts the tear.		心如猛虎，细嗅蔷薇；盛宴过后，泪流满面。
Why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.		我们为什么会跌倒？因为这样才能学会站起来！
No matter how hard we try to be mature, we will always be a kid when we all get hurt and cry. 		不管多努力蜕变成熟，一旦受伤哭泣时，我们还是像个孩子。
I am just a sunflower, waiting for my only sunshine.		我只是一株向日葵，期待着属于自己的那缕阳光。
Better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.		只求曾经拥有，不求天长地久。
Burdens are for shoulders strong enough to carry them.		沉重的担子是由那些有着坚强的肩膀的人来挑的。
When I was young, I wanted to be anybody but myself. I would have to accept myself, my warts and all.		当我年轻的时候，我想成为除我之外的任何人。但我必须接受我自己，我的缺点，我的一切。
Don't give up when you still have something to give, nothing is really over until the moment you stop trying.		当你还能付出时不要放弃，任何事都不会真正结束直到你停止努力的那一刻。
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have a say in who hurts you.		你无从选择在世上是否会受到伤害，但你能选择谁来伤害你。
So dawn goes down to day, nothing gold can stay.		破晓黎明延续至晃晃白昼，宝贵如金也难以保留。
People should not be inserted lives in the vase for people to watch, but spread on the prairie wind dance rhythm.		人不应该是插在花瓶里供人观赏的静物，而是蔓延在草原上随风起舞的韵律。
To err is human, to forgive is divine.		人非圣贤，孰能无过。
Since I have chosen to go far, I will just walk down the path I have chosen step by step.		既然选择了远方，便只顾风雨兼程。
I don't know the reason why I love you, but I know you are the reason why I don't love others.		我不知道我爱你的理由是什么，但我知道你是我不爱其他人的理由。
I love the broken sound in my body and the healing process.		我喜欢我身体破碎的声音和不断愈合的过程。
The beauty of white paper is that you can paint a map of your life as you please.		白纸的美好在于：你可以随心所欲地描绘你的人生地图。
Let's leave the world behind. Take me through the night. Fall into the dark side.		让我们离开人寰，去更遥远的未来，带我穿越漆黑的夜空，坠入那无边的黑暗。
Unable to perceive the shape of you, I find you all around me. Your presence fills my eyes with your love, it humbles my heart. For you are everywhere.		无法描述你的形状，我感觉到你包围着我。因为你的存在，我满眼都是爱意。我的心变得柔软，只因你无处不在。
But know this: the ones that love us never really leave us. And you can always find them in heart.		要记住：爱我们的人永远不会真正离开我们。他们一直在你身边陪伴着你，在心里。
Aspire to inspire until I expire.		生命不息，奋斗不止。
Make you tired of the mountain is not far away, but a grain of sand in my shoes.		使人疲惫的不是远方的高山，而是鞋里的一粒沙子。
The flowers are similar every year, but people are different from year to year.		年年岁岁花相似，岁岁年年人不同。
Be an especially simple person, do not expect good luck coming suddenly, manage yourself well and cherish time at the moment.		做一个特别简单的人，不期待突如其来的好运，经营好自己，珍惜眼前的时光！
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.		生活有两种方式：一种是没有奇迹发生；另一种则是到处是奇迹。
 Don't let yourself get busy all day and end up doing nothing. 		不要让自己一天忙忙碌碌，最终却碌碌无为。
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? 		如果你生来就与众不同，何苦非要融入这群乌合之众？
What really makes you backward is not the difficulty in front, but the way back.		真正让你后退的，不是前面的困难，而是后面的退路。
You will always be able to make more money, but you cannot make more time.		你可以赚取很多的钱，但是你不能赢得更多的时间。
Individual commitment to a group effort – that’s what makes a team  work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.		个人对集体努力的承诺，它造就团队合作、公司运作、社会协作，文明工作。
Books are the mirrors of the soul.		书籍是灵魂的镜子。
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the one we miss.		我们的生活是由机遇所界定的，甚至是那些我们错失的机遇。
If you are alone, why not seek the company of books?		找不到朋友时，为什么不翻翻书呢？
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.		我们最深的恐惧是我们的力量无可估量。
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.		我想像不出，在孩提时代，还有什么需要会像渴求父亲保护一样强烈。
Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.		被轻蔑的时候能平静一笑，这是一种自信。
For we are lovers of the beautiful,yet simple in our tastes; and we cultivate the mind without loss of manliness.		我们是美之爱好者，但我们的趣味是淡雅的；我们陶冶性灵，但我们也不让失却丈夫气。
One is always on a strange road, watching strange scenery and listening to strange music. Then one day, you will find that the things you try hard to forget are already gone.		一个人总要走陌生的路，看陌生的风景，听陌生的歌。总有一天，在某个不经意的瞬间，你会发现，曾经努力想要忘记的事情早已消逝。
I may not be able to change the past, but I can learn from it.		我也许不能改变过去，但我能从中学习。
It's an amazing feeling to realize how one person who was once just a stranger suddenly meant the world to you.		很奇妙的一种感觉是：曾经的陌生人，突然之间成为了你的整个世界。
The aim of education should be to convert the mind into living fountain, and not a reservoir.		教育的目的应是把人心转化为活的泉水，而不是贮水池。
The best of all ways to strengthen our days is to steal hours from the night.		延长白天最好的办法，就是从夜晚偷时间。
Time is but a river flowing from our past.		岁月不过是一条长河，从你我的过往穿流而过。
We are still kids but we are so in love, fighting against all odds.		我们虽然年少，但却如此相爱。让我们披荆斩棘，跨越所有障碍。
Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can.		每一个遭受痛苦的地方就是我要去的地方，做任何我能做到的事。
A foreign language is a weapon in the struggle of life.		一门外语是人生之奋斗中的强大武器。
I never really noticed that I had to decide, to play someone's game or live my own life.		我从未真正意识到我该抉择的是：活在别人的剧本还是叙写自己的人生。
Count your age by friends, not years; Count your life by smiles, not tears.		以友情计岁月，而非年龄；以笑容量人生，而非泪水。
May you not be lonely but be able to enjoy being alone.		愿你不再孤单，并学会享受孤独。
As long as you can still grab a breath, you fight.		只要一息尚存，就不得不战。
Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something, not even me.		永远别让旁人说你成不了事，就算是我也不行。
You cannot live your life to please others. The choice must be yours.		你不能为取悦别人而活，你得有自己的选择。
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.		正因为你为你的玫瑰花费了时间，这才使你的玫瑰变得如此重要。
A friend in need is a friend indeed.		患难见真情。
The moon becomes round, which indicates the reunion of people.		月之圆，兆人之团圆。
Life is too short to miss out anything, try to take it slowly.		生命短暂，放慢脚步，别错过任何沿途的风景。
If at first you don't succeed, then dust yourself off and try again.		失败了没关系，重振旗鼓，从头再来。
With the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything.		正确的训练加上坚定的决心，你将攻无不克。
We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.		我们都要做很多选择，最终这些选择创造了我们。
If your eyes are opened, you will see the things worth seeing.		如果你睁开眼睛，你会看到值得看的东西。
A man has free choice to begin love, but not to end it.		一个人可以选择爱上谁，当他要结束爱情时，他是没有选择的。
There are more things in heaven and earth than you've ever dream of.		天地之大，比你所能梦想到的更多。
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.		不要把秘密传给风，风会传遍整个森林。
I would die for you. But I wouldn't live for you.		我愿意为你赴死，但不会指望你而活。
There are no easy answers, there's only living through the questions.		生活从来没有容易的答案，只有去克服重重问题。
I can't control their fear, only my own.		我不能掌控他人的恐惧，只能掌控自己的。
The longest day has an end.		最难过的日子也有尽头。
Sometimes it's hard to accept the truth because the lies sound so much better.		真相有时之所以难以被接受，是因为谎言听起来美好多了。
It does not do well to depend on dreams and forget to live, remember that.		记住：不要依赖梦想而忘记生活。
We laughed and kept saying see you soon, but inside we both knew we'd never see each other again.		我们笑着说再见，却深知再见遥遥无期。
Had I not seen the sun, I could have borne the shade.		我本可以忍受黑暗，如果我不曾见过太阳。
Sometimes it is the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.		有时候正是人们以为的无用之人成就无人敢想之事。
To really understand a man, we must judge him in misfortune.		要真正了解一个人，需在不幸中考察他。
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money, it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.		幸福不在于拥有金钱，而在于获得成就时的喜悦以及产生创造力的激情。
I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.		我的一生一次又一次失败过，而那正是我成功的原因。
Some of the most successful people in the world are the ones who've had the most failures.		世上最成功的人往往都是失败最多的人。
None is of freedom or of life deserving unless he daily conquers it anew.		只有每天再度战胜生活并夺取自由的人，才配享受生活和自由。
Towering genius disdains a beaten path. It seeks regions hitherto unexplored.		卓越的天才不屑走旁人走过的路，他寻找迄今未开拓的地区。
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is below even defeat, and is born vanquished. 		只有强者才懂得斗争；弱者甚至失败都不够资格，而是生来就是被征服的。
Made it, Ma! Top of the world! 		好好去做吧，站在世界之巅!
Time goes by, there is no end, only the intersection.		时间一直走，没有尽头，只有路口。
Everyone you see exists together in a delicate balance.		世界上所有的生命都在微妙的平衡中生存。
But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will compare.		世人万千种，浮云莫去求，斯人如彩虹，遇上方知有。
Night comes, is one of the most vulnerable, when the mind is also thinking of the most crazy time. In fact, a person is not alone miss when a person is really alone.		深夜来临的时候，是一个人心灵最脆弱的时候，也是思念最疯狂的时候。其实一个人并不孤单，想念一个人的时候才是真正的孤单。
Your mind is like this water, my friend, when it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.		你的思想就如同水，我的朋友，当水波摇曳时，很难看清，不过当它平静下来，答案就清澈见底了。
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity.		命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free. A strong man can save himself. A great man can save another.		懦怯囚禁人的灵魂，希望可以解救人的自由。强者自救，圣者渡人。
The defects and faults of the mind are like wounds in the body. After all imaginable care has been taken to heal them up, still there will be a scar left behind.		思想上的缺陷和弱点正如身体上的创伤，就算用尽一切办法将其治愈，仍然会留下疤痕。
What else is the whole life of mortals but a sort of comedy, in which the various actors, disguised by various costumes and masks, walk on and play each one his part, until the manager waves them off the stage.		人生如喜剧，人人皆化妆假面，扮演各自角色，直到戏毕离场。
The past is our definition. We may strive, with good reason, to escape it or what is bad in it, but we will escape it only by adding things better to it.		过去是我们给自己下的定义。我们有很好的理由去努力摆脱它，或是摆脱其中不好的部分，但摆脱它的唯一途径是——在其中添加更好的东西。
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.		当你发现你想和某个人共度余生时，你会想要余生快点开始。
 I never look back. It distracts from the now.		我从来不回头看，因为那样会让我对现在分心。
One of the basic rules of the universe is that nothing is perfect. Perfection simply doesn't exist.....Without imperfection, neither you nor I would exist.		宇宙的基本准则之一：金无足赤，人无完人。这世上不存在所谓的“完美”。没了这种“不完美”，你我将不复存在。
Yes, the past can hurt. But I think you can either run from it or learn from it.		 对，过去是痛楚的，但我认为你要么可以逃避，要么可以向它学习。
A goal is not always meant to be reached, and it often serves simply as something to aim at.		目标并不一定总是用于去达成的，很多时候它仅仅是为了给你方向感。
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.		世界上对勇气的最大考验是忍受失败而不丧失信心。
The bigger the man, the deeper his imprint. And if he loves, he suffers, knowing it's a dead-end street.		越是煎熬，越刻骨铭心，爱了就要受苦，明知没有结果。
Sloth, like rust, consumes faster than labor wear.		懒惰像生锈一样，比操劳更能消耗身体。
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist. But you have ceased to live.		不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。
I love waking up in the morning, not knowing what's going to happen, or whom I'm going to meet, where I'm going to wind up.		我喜欢早上起来时一切都是未知的，不知会遇见什么人，会有什么样的结局。
It's not the man in your life that counts but the life in your man.		有价值的并不是你生命中的男人，而是你与他在一起时的生命。
Now I find myself in a world which for me is worse than death. It is a world in which there is no place for me.		现在我发现自己活在一个比死还痛苦的世界，一个无我容身之处的世界。
Some love stories aren't epic novels. Some are short stories, but that doesn't make them any less filled with love.		有些爱情故事不会成为史诗，有些只是短篇小说，但同样都满溢着爱。
There is not a heart but has its moments of longing, yearning for something better, nobler and holier than it knows before.		每个人都有向往的时候，渴望比以前更美好，更高贵，更神圣的东西。
It is awfully easy to be hard-boiled about everything in the daytime, but at night it is another thing.		在白天对什么都不动感情是极为容易的，但在夜晚就是另外一回事了。
Sometimes people think they lose things and they didn't really lose them. It just gets moved.		人们有时以为失去了什么，其实没有，只是被移开了。
If you are doing your best, you will not have to worry about failure.		如果你竭尽全力，你就不用担心失败。
The world is like a mirror: when you frown at it, it frowns at you; when smile, it smiles too.		世界犹如一面镜子：朝它皱眉的话，它就朝你皱眉；朝它微笑，它也朝你微笑。
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.		与其说人类的幸福来自偶尔发生的鸿运，不如说来自每天都有的小实惠。
We're going where no one has gone before. There is no model to follow, nothing to copy. That is what makes this so exciting.		我们要去别人从没去过的地方。没有模式可以模仿，没有东西可以复制。这才是魅力所在。
You become what you believe. You are where you are today in your life based on everything you have believed.		你梦想成为什么样的人，你就能成为什么样的人。你今时今日所处的位置都是基于你所信赖和梦想的一切。
The weakest link in a chain is the strongest because it can break it.		在一个链条里，最弱的一环也可能是最强的，因为它可以使整个链条断掉。
If you would go high, then use your own legs! Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads.		如果你想走到高处，就要用自己的两条腿！不要让别人把你抬到高处；不要坐在别人的背上和头上。
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.		对于大多数人来说，他们认定自己有多幸福，就有多幸福。
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, but our choices.		决定我们成为什么样的人，不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.		你的时间有限，所以不要浪费时间去过别人的生活。
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.		如果你花费过多的时间去想某件事，那么你将永远也不会完成它。
A man may lead a horse to the water, but he cannot make it drink.		一个人可以把马带到河边，但他不能令它饮水。
Life itself, without the assistance of colleges and universities, is becoming an advanced institution of learning.		没有学院和大学的帮助，人生本身也正在变成一所高等学府。
Do not know how high the sky is until one climbs up the tops of mountains, and do not know how thick the earth is until one comes to the deep river.		不登高山，不知天之高也；不临深溪，不知天之厚也。
Life comes with many challenges. The ones that should not scare us are ones we can take on and take control of.		生活充满了挑战，唯有勇敢面对并自我掌控，我们才能克服恐惧。
The respectability of youth lies in their courage and great expectation.		年轻人的可敬之处在于勇气和远大前程。
The value of life, not with time, but with the depth to be measured.		人生的价值，并不是用时间，而是用深度去衡量的。
You cannot improve your past, but you can improve your future. Once time is wasted, life is wasted.		你不能改变你的过去，但你可以让你的未来变得更好。一旦时间浪费了，生命就浪费了。
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.		最好的朋友就是那种能和你促膝而坐，彼此不说只言片语，分别时却感到这是你有过的最好的一次交流。
Always put yourself in the other's shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the person too.		要设身处地地为别人着想，如果一双鞋你穿着夹脚，别人的感觉可能也一样。
I will not be afflicted at men's not knowing me; I will be afflicted that I do not know men.		不患人之不己知，患不知人也。
There is a prospect greater than the sea, and it is the sky; there is a prospect greater than the sky, and it is the human soul.		世界上最宽阔的是海洋，比海洋更宽阔的是天空，比天空更宽阔的是人的胸怀。
Swelled heads are so preoccupied with the few things they know, so that there is no room left for the innumerable things they don't know.		自命不凡者，脑中被其所知的少数事物所占据，以致没有空间去容纳无数其所不知的事物。
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit, we cannot flower and grow without it.		对于人的精神来说，赞扬就像阳光一样，没有它我们便不能开花生长。
When you forgive, you love. And when you love, God's light shines on you.		当你原谅他人时，你便是在爱人。当你爱人时，上帝的光芒会照耀着你。
It's goodbye, but we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies.		我们说了再见，但这也意味着，在广阔天空之下，我们又可以开启另一段疯狂探险。
All we can do, for the moment is really we need to do-listen to ourselves. When we are trying to get better, the only truth that matters is what works for.		我们所能做的，我们真正需要做的就是倾听自己的心声。当我们想让一切好起来的时候，唯一重要是找到适合我们的方法。
God never shuts one door but he opens another.		天无绝人之路。
What is the man's first duty? The answer is brief: to be himself.		一个人的首要职责是什么？答案很简单：做自己。
I was surprised, as always, that how easy the act of leaving was, and how good it felt. The world was suddenly rich with possibility.		和往常一样，我惊讶的发现，离别是如此的简单，出发的感觉是那么的美妙。世界突然充满了可能性。
You will be licentious, if you only like someone. But if you love someone, you will be restrained.		喜欢就会放肆，但爱就是克制。
If you feel lost, just take a deep breath and realize that being lost can be turning point of finding out who you truly are, and what you truly want to do.		如果你迷失了自我，请深呼吸，迷失或许能成为你人生的转折点，让你发现真实的自己，并让你知道自己想要成为怎样的人。
Though life is hard, I want it to be boiling.		虽然辛苦，我还是会选择那种滚烫的人生。
I wish the progress bar of my life could move more slowly that I can spare no effort to walk to the end instead of running after time.		我希望人生的进度条能够再慢一点，如果可以竭尽全力走完，我不想奔跑。
If a person loses the past, he can't find the future.		如果一个人丢掉了过去，他就无法找到未来。
Focus on one thing at a time. You can have it all but not all at once.		一次只关注一件事，你将会拥有一切，但不能一次就全部实现。
Time gone is like the flowing water of a gurgling river, where even if one wishes one cannot touch the same water again.		流逝的时光就像淙淙的小河里奔腾的水，你再也无法感受同一捧水，无论你有多么希望。
Never frown, even when you are sad, because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.		纵然伤心，也不要愁眉不展，因为你不知谁会爱上你的笑容。
When we are travelling, we find ourselves in new places and new spaces, physically and internally; it is the same with coaching.		在我们的旅途中，我们会发现自己置身于新的地理位置，也获得了新的心灵空间；乘马车观光亦是如此。
What you disdained may be the life other people strive for, and the failed life you meant may be what other people have painstakingly earned.		你所嫌弃的，可能是别人拼命想要得到的。你以为失败的人生，也许是别人努力活着的结果。
The key to happiness in life is knowing when to keep your mouth shut.		快乐的秘密就是知道在适当的时候保持沉默。
When you have much enough, you must accept that you could have little someday.		当你拥有足够多的时候，你要做好心理准备，因为在未来的某一天里你可能什么都没有了。
Rules existed for a reason: if you followed them, you would succeed; if you didn't, you might burn the world to the ground.		规则存在是有原因的：如果你遵循它们，你可能会成功；如果你不遵循它们，你可能会毁灭世界。
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.		事实是，每个人都会伤害你。你只需要找到那些值得让你忍受伤害的人。
I am not judged by the number of times I fail, but by the number of times I succeed; and the number of times I succeed is in direct proportion to the number of times I fail and keep trying.		别人评判你的往往是成功的次数，没有人会特别在意你失败了多少次。而我成功的记录和屡败屡战的记录成正比。
It seems that standing on the side of majority won't be called alien, following the track of most people's life rules can be accepted by the society.		要站在人类大多数的一边才不会被看作异类，遵循人们生活规律的轨迹才会被人类社会容纳。
To be a princess, you have to believe that you are a princess. You've got to walk the way you think a princess would walk. So, you gotta think tall; you gotta smile, wave, and just have fun.		要想成为公主，你得相信自己就是一个公主。你应该像你所想象中的公主那般行事。因此，你得高瞻远瞩，微笑待人，享受生活。
Though unconsciously, people are indeed moving towards their destination. Slow as the progress, seen from the result, it may be surprisingly fast.		即使是无意识的，人也总是在朝着自己想去的方向前进。虽然前进的步伐实际上是很缓慢的，但从结果来看，却是出人意料的迅速。
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.		真正的勇者不是没有恐惧，他们只是明白有比恐惧更重要的东西。
Don't be in a hurry to grow up. Hold on to being a boy as long as you can.		不要急着长大，尽可能地做一个孩子吧。
No one ever grows up. They may look grown-up, but it's just the clay of time.		人永远都长不大。他们只是看起来像大人而已，但这只不过是时光雕塑出来的泥娃娃。
The shortest way to do many things is to do one thing at a time.		做许多事情的捷径就是一次只做一件事。
It's probably hard for you to imagine how it feels to have your destiny be predetermined at birth.		你可能很难想象：当你出生时命运就已经注定了是什么感觉。
The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.		伟人之所以伟大，是因为他立志要成为伟大的人。
You don't get to choose how you're going to die, or when. You can only decide how you're going to live now.		你不能选择怎样死或什么时候死，你只能决定现在怎样生活。
Interests are anchors, and I believe they will bring peace and even happiness in the end.		兴趣是锚，我相信它最终会带来和平，甚至幸福。
Difficult doesn't mean impossible. It simply means that you have to work hard.		困难并不代表不可能，它仅仅意味着你必须努力奋斗。
Life is like an ice cream, enjoy it before it melts.		生活就像冰淇淋，在融化之前好好享用它。
We get to decide what our story is. Nobody else gets to tell you what your story is.		我们的故事由我们自己决定，轮不到别人对你指手画脚。
It seems like life is too short to hold grudges.		人生苦短，何必留仇。
Roads in the mountains teach you a very important lesson in life. What seems like an end is very often just a bend.		山间公路教会你人生中非常重要的一课，看似到了尽头，实际通常只是个弯道。
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.		船停在港湾固然安全，但这并不是船的初衷。
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.		善良是一种聋子能听见、盲人能看见的语言。
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.		皱纹应该只是微笑留下的印记。
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.		人类有一件真正有力的武器，那就是笑。
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.		远离那些企图让你丧失雄心的人吧。小人经常如此，而真正的伟人会让你觉得你也可以变得伟大。
Never deter till tomorrow that which you can do today.		今日事须今日毕，切勿拖延到明天。
One minute on the stage needs ten years practice off stage.		台上一分钟，台下十年功。
The fool didn't know it was impossible, so he did it.		傻瓜不知道这事儿是不可能的，所以他做到了。
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather long for the endless immensity of sea.		如果你想造一艘船，先不要雇人收集木头，也不要给人分配任务，而是激发他们对海洋的渴望。
Happiness is only real when shared!		与人分享的快乐才是真正的快乐！
Most people grow up from sufferings, with optimistic attitude to struggle, one can thrive, otherwise one will be abandoned by his or her own life.		人是从苦难中成长起来的，唯有乐观奋斗，才能不断茁壮，反之则易埋没。
If people in the communications only think about gains and losses of interest, then the pleasure of knowing each other will cease to exist.		如果人与人交往只想着利益得失，那么相识相知的愉悦也就不复存在了。
Faced with a same job, it is your attitude that gives you surprise or sorrow.		一份同样的工作，因为心态不同，既可能精彩，也可能痛苦。
Icicle is not a symbol o chillness but a sign of warming.		冰柱不是严寒的象征，而是天气变暖的标志。
Sometimes you hold onto things, not because you want to keep them, but because they are difficult to let go.		有时候你抓紧某些东西，并不是因为你想要留住它们，而是因为放手实在太难了。
Repeating this kind of dull life all the time, seemingly, I really live a very hard life.		这种平平淡淡的日常生活，老是这么日复一日的话，也挺苦的吧。
Letting go of sad and gloomy memories, then embracing a fresher and brighter world.		放开悲伤的回忆，才能拥抱更鲜活的世界。
I choose to run towards my problems, and not away from them. Because that is what heroes do.		我选择直面问题，而不是逃避，因为英雄就是这么做的。
You know some birds are not meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright.		你知道，有些鸟儿是注定不会被关在牢笼里的，它们的每一片羽毛都闪耀着自由地光辉。
Option A is not available. So let's just kick the shit out of Option B.		既然没有A选项了，那让我们尽可能地利用B选项吧。
Love is not about how find out the similarities, it is about how to respect the differences.		爱情不是寻找共同点，而是学会尊重不同点。
Getting rid of the fetters of fame, one can concentrate on his technique.		人若无名，便可专心练剑。
When you wake up, you need to think that something great is going to happen today, and that you are going to have a great day.		在你醒来的时候，你需要想着美好的事情即将发生，这将会让你拥有非常棒的一天。
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.		朋友是什么？两幅躯壳拥有同一个灵魂。
Counting blessings can actually increase happiness and health by reminding us of the good things in life.		细数幸福的事情确实可以提醒我们生活中存在的美好，还能增加我们的幸福感，保持身心健康。
It's always the simple things, well executed, that are memorable.		认真做好的事情，即使非常简单却总是令人难忘。
Tourism doesn't care about the destination, but care about the way people and things and those wonderful memories and scenery.		旅游不在乎终点，而是在意途中的人和事还有那些美好的记忆和景色。
A mother's love makes a child feel: the arrival of the world is beautiful; mother's love in the child gradually instill the love of life, and not just hope alive.		母爱使孩子感到：降临人间是美好的；母爱在孩子身上逐渐灌输了对生命的热爱，而不仅仅希望活着就是了。
If you listen to the music, the world changes. It's like falling in love. Only no one gets hurt.		当你聆听音乐时，仿佛世界都变了。这种感觉就像是陷入爱情，只不过没有人会受伤。
Affection is when you see someone's strength, love is when you accept someone's flaws.		爱恋是只看到对方的好，而爱情是连对方的缺陷都包容。
Learning is like rowing upstream, not to advance is to drop back.		学习如逆水行舟，不进则退。
Can a man still be brave if he's afraid? That is the only time a man can be brave.		人在恐惧的时候还能勇敢吗？人唯有恐惧的时候方能勇敢。
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing.		别到处跟别人抱怨这个世界欠你什么，这个世界什么都不欠你的。
Failure is the fog through which we glimpse triumph.		失败是一团迷雾，穿过它，我们可以瞥见胜利。
Hypocritical friendship is like your shadow; when you are in the sun, it will closely follow you, but once you go into the shadow, it will leave you.		虚伪的友谊就如你的影子；当你处在阳光下时，它会紧紧地跟着你，但你一旦走到阴暗处时，它立刻就会离开你。
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud. 		努力成为别人乌云里的一道彩虹。
Content makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.		知足使贫穷的人富有；而贪婪使富足的人贫穷。
Once you choose your way of life, be brave to stick it out and never return.		生活的道路一旦选定，就要勇敢地走到底，绝不回头。
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.  		优于别人，并不高贵，真正的高贵应该是优于过去的自己。
The most difficult stage in life is not when no one understands you, but when you don't understand yourself.		生命中最艰难的阶段不是没有人懂你，而是你不懂你自己。
Sometimes it takes going through something so awful to realize the beauty that is out there in this world.		有时候就是要经历一些糟糕的事情才能意识到世间存在的美丽。
There are many endeavors to bring pleasure to people. Some places are making something you take inside. Not the food, but the experience.		很多事情只要努力就可以带给人快乐。有的地方能让你收获在心的不是食物，而是经历。
Since death is the destined terminal of human beings, how to finish the life road will really matter.		既然人总是要死的，那就得讲究活法了。
Don't aim for success if you want it. Just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.		如果你想成功，不要刻意地追求成功。只要你干自己热爱的工作并相信它，成功就自然会到来。
The foundation of knowledge must be laid by reading. General principles must come from books, which, however, must be brought to the test of real life.		读书是积累知识的基础。基础原理来源于书本，但须经实际生活的检验。
You'll never move others, heart to heart, unless your speech comes from your heart.		如果你说的话并非发自你的内心，你就不可能触动别人的心弦。
Love is ever the beginning of knowledge as fire is of light.		知识总是从爱好开始，犹如光总是从火开始一样。
The failures and reverses which await men- and one after another sadden the brow of youth- add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do.		尽管失败和挫折等待着人们，一次次地夺走青春的容颜，但却给人生的前景增添了一份尊严，这是任何顺利的成功都不能做到的。
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.		一个人可以失败很多次，但是只要他没有开始责怪旁人，他还不是一个失败者。
I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accidentally like on a breeze.		我不懂我们是否有着各自的命运，还是只是到处随风飘荡。
There is no royal road to science, and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of gaining its numinous summits.		在科学上没有平坦的大道，只有不畏劳苦沿着崎岖之路攀登的人，才有希望达到它光辉的顶点。
When you finally get your own happiness, you will understand the previous sadness is a kind of treasure, which makes you better to hold and cherish the people you love.		等你获得真正属于你的幸福之后，你就会明白一起的伤痛其实是一种财富，它让你学会更好地去把握和珍惜你爱的人。
An unacceptable love needs no sorrow but time- some time for forgetting. A badly-hurt heart needs no sympathy but understanding.		一段不被接受的爱情，需要的不是伤心，而是时间，一段可以用来遗忘的时间。一颗被伤了的心，需要的不是同情，而是明白。
I love and am used to keeping a distance with those changed things. Only in this way can I know what will not be abandoned by time.		我喜欢并习惯了对变化的东西保持着距离，这样才会知道什么是最不会被时间抛弃的准则。
Few things are impossible in themselves; and it is often for want of will, rather than of means, that man fails to succeed.		事情很少有根本做不成的；其所以做不成，与其说是条件不够，不如说是由于决心不够。
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity. So let us seize it, not in fear, but in gladness.		命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。因此，让我们毫无畏惧，满心愉悦地把握命运。
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they want, and if they cannot find them, make them.		在这个世界上取得成就的人，都努力去寻找他们想要的机会，如果找不到机会，他们便自己创造机会。
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.		如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友，以经验为参谋，以谨慎为兄弟，以希望为哨兵。
There is nothing that we can do for someone who doesn't appreciate what's in front of them.		对于一个不懂得珍惜良机的人来说，无论我们如何努力都是徒劳。
The more difficult something is, the more rewarding it is in the end.		事情愈艰难，最后愈能得到丰厚的果实。
The most affectionate love I imagined is that I live as you used to be after you've gone away.		我所认为最深沉的爱，莫过于分开以后，我将自己，活成了你的样子。
If every unfolding we experience takes us further along in life, then, we are truly experiencing what life is offering.		如果我们在人生中体验的每一次转变都让我们在生活中走得更远，那么，我们就真正的体验到了生活想让我们体验的东西。
My heart was pounding the whole time. It was the most erotic moment of my life. Up until then, at least.		当时我的心一直像小鹿乱撞，那应该是我这辈子最性感的一刻了，至少在此之前没有过。
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. 		表现我们真正的自我，是我们自己的选择，这比我们所具有的能力更重要。
Only through unity can we have a strong, if the split, then a single blow.		我们只有团结才会强大，如果分裂，便不堪一击。
God shall wipe away all the tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death. Neither shall there be sorrow or dying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former world has passed away.		上帝擦去他们所有的眼泪，不再有死亡，也不再有悲伤和生离死别，不再有痛苦，因往事已矣。
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness. Nothing more.		当我们在面对黑暗和死亡的时候，我们害怕的只是未知，除此之外，没有别的。
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.		只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.		我不同意你说的话，但我愿意誓死捍卫你说话的权利。
You don't know how long I've waited for you. I'd rather die than stay away from you.		你怎知我等了你多久，就算是以死来换得与你厮守，我也愿意。
It is the tears of the earth that keep her smiles in bloom.		是大地的泪点使她的微笑保持着青春不谢。
I never give anything without expecting something in return. I always get paid.		我做任何事情不过是为了有所回报，我总要得到报酬。
I figure life is a gift. I don’t intend on wasting it. To make each day count!		我认为生活就是上帝的恩赐。我不会白白浪费生命。让我们过好每一天！
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds.		最好的爱能唤醒灵魂启发我们追求卓越，在我们的心里种下热情的火苗，并带给我们心灵的平静。
In fact, if I close my eyes, I can still see you there just standing in the dawn light.		只要我闭上眼睛，就仿佛还能看到你站在那里，沐浴着黎明的曙光。
Not until you see someone couple up will you realize how much you love him.		你永远也不晓得自己有多喜欢一个人，除非你看见他和别人在一起。
I can't turn away without knowing you'll be all right. That's all I want.		除非你过得好，否则我是不会放手的，这就是我想要的。
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will.		没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。
It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now, to give it a perfect ending, was a little of the Ludwig Van.		真是个完美的晚上，我现在需要的就是给它来个完美的结束，比如说一小段贝多芬。
And as usual, my friend warned me not to cherish too big hope, but it is very difficult to do.		和往常一样，我的朋友提醒我不要抱太大希望，但是这点很难做到。
Death is just a part of life, something we're all destined to do. 		死亡只是生命的一部分，是我们注定要做的一件事。
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free. It takes a strong man to save himself, and a great man to save another.		懦怯囚禁人的灵魂，希望可以令你感受自由。强者自救，圣者渡人。
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. 		成就一番伟业的唯一途径就是热爱自己的事业。如果你还没找到，继续寻找不要放弃。跟随自己的心，总有一天你会找到。
Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.		我的朋友，你的心好似这潭湖水，如果波澜起伏就会模糊不清，不过当它平静下来，答案就清澈见底了。
You're throwing away happiness with both hands and reaching out for something that will never make you happy.		你在把自己的幸福拱手相让去追求一些根本不会让你幸福的东西。
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.		变老无关乎物质，只在乎心灵。如果自己不介意，那么没人会在意。
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.		年纪越大我就越不相信那句教条：年龄带给人智慧。
The secret of man's being is not only to live but to have something to live for.		人类生存的秘密，不但是要活，还要知道为何而活。
The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood.		热爱大自然的人内外感觉协调一致，即使进入成年后依然保持着童心。
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.		所有这些瞬间，都将湮没于时间的洪流中。就像泪水消逝在雨中一样。死期到了。
There is a saying: Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.		俗话说昨日已成往事，未来还未可知，今时却是上苍所给的礼物，这也就是为什么我们称今时为礼物。
I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright.		我必须时刻提醒自己有些鸟儿注定不会被关在牢笼里，它们的每一片羽毛都闪耀着自由的光辉。
The world is a fine place and worth fighting for.		这世界真是个好地方，值得为它奋斗。
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.		紫罗兰把它的香气留在那踩扁了它的脚踝上，这就是宽恕。
I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.		若我想与你共度余生，我希望我的余生尽早开始。
Somewhere beyond right and wrong, there is a garden, I will meet you there. 		在超离是非之处有座花园，我会在那里与你相遇。
He was still too young to know that the heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good, and that thanks to this artifice we manage to endure the burden of the past.		当时他还太年轻，不知道人内心会删除糟糕的记忆、放大美好的记忆。也正是因为这个功能，我们才能背负着过去的负担前行。
In spite of you and me and the whole silly world going to pieces around us, I love you.		哪怕是世界末日，我都会爱着你。
When you meet someone and you're attracted to them, it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously.		当你被某个人吸引时，那只是意味着你俩在潜意识里互相吸引。
Time erodes all such beauty but what it cannot diminish is the wonderful workings of your mind, your humor, your kindness and your moral courage.		时间可以吞噬一切，但它丝毫无法减少的是你伟大的思想，你的幽默，你的善良还有你的勇气。
Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide but I love you until the end of time.		暴风雨的乌云可能会聚集，星辰可能会碰撞，可是我会永远爱你直到地老天荒。
I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion.		我宁愿住在乡村小镇上自得其乐，而不愿和人一起挤在天鹅绒的坐垫上。
No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow. 		不管发生什么，不管今天看起来多么糟糕，生活都会继续，明天会更好。
If there is any kind of magic in the world, it must be the attempt of understanding someone or sharing something.		如果世上真的有什么奇迹，那么一定是去理解他人和与人分享。
It is the business of the very few to be independent; it is a privilege of the strong. 		只有少数人能做到独立自主；那是强者的特权。
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity. So let us seize it, not in fear, but in gladness.		命运给予我们的不是失望之酒,而是机会之杯. 因此,让我们毫无畏惧,满心愉悦地把握命运。
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.		如果我们有勇气去追求，所有的梦想都可以现实。
A great poem is a fountain forever overflowing with the waters of wisdom and delight.		一首伟大的诗犹如一座喷泉，不断地喷出智慧和快乐的泉水
As selfishness and complaint pervert the mind,so love with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.		自私和抱怨是心灵的阴暗，愉快的爱则使视野明朗开阔。
 You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret.		人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。
It is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logic or reasons can be found.		只有在这种神秘的爱情方程中，才能找到逻辑或原由。
There are two motives for reading a book: one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it. 		读书有两种动机：一是从中获得乐趣；另一种则是可以向人夸耀。
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.		我所能奉献的没有其他，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。
The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries.		读好书，如同与先哲们交谈。
New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything- for the heart is an organ of fire. 		初恋的人们心存紧张并满怀柔情，但却可以抵御一切—— 只因为心如烈火！
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms- to choose one's  attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.		我可以拿走人的任何东西，但有一样不行，这就是在特定环境下选择自己的生活态度的自由。
 It's the unspoken truth of humanity that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity.		这才是人性的本质，你们内心渴望被征服，疲于追逐光鲜的自由，而丢失了生活的乐趣，迷失在权利的角逐，就为获得认同。
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.		不创造幸福的人无权享用幸福，正如不创造财富的人无权享用财富一样。
I feel heartfelt sorrow for the mother of Private James Ryan and am willing to lay down my life and the lives of my men – especially you, Reiben – to ease her suffering.		我为瑞恩的母亲由衷感到悲哀，我愿意用我和弟兄们的生命去拯救你的生命来减轻她的苦痛。 
You played out your happiness on a piano that was not infinite. I learned to live that way. 		在有限的钢琴上，我自得其乐，我过惯那样的日子了。
Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age.		学问在成功时是装饰品，在失意时是庇护所，在年老时是供应品。
Go back to England, and tell them there, that Scotland's daughters and sons are yours no more. Tell them Scotland is free.		回去告诉整个英格兰，苏格兰儿女不再是他们的臣民，告诉他们苏格兰是自由的。
The tragedy of life is not so much what men suffer, but what they miss.		生活的悲剧不在于人们受多少苦，而在于人们错过了什么。
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.		人一生中出人头地的机会不多，一旦有了一定要抓住机会！
Without you, today's emotions would be the scurf of yesterday's.		如果没有你，如此的良辰美景让我去向何人诉说？
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.		虽然世界多苦难，但是苦难总是能战胜的。
I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isn’t a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time.		听说人在死前的一秒钟，其一生会闪过眼前。其实不是一秒，而是无尽的时间，时间海洋。
A single idea from the human mind can build cities. An idea can transform the world and rewrite all the rules.		人类一个简单的念头可以创造城市。一个念头可以改变世界，重写规则。
Every person has two educations, one which he receives from others, and one, more important, which he gives to himself.		每个人都受两种教育，一种来自别人，另一种更重要，是来自自己。
I'm proud to have served with each and every one of you. You deserve long and happy lives in peace.		我很骄傲能与你们每个人共同服役，你们有权享受永远快乐的和平生活。
When peace has been broken anywhere, the peace of all countries everywhere is in danger.		无论哪个地区的和平遭到破坏，世界各国的和平都会受到威胁。
Rudeness is merely an expression of fear.		无礼只是恐惧的一种表露。
Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on.		不到地球毁灭那一刻，我们都得做好本职工作。
If you want to live your whole life free from pain, you must become either a god or else a corpse. Consider other men's troubles and that will comfort yours.		如果你想一生摆脱苦难，你就得是神或者是死尸。想想他人的不幸，你就能坦然面对人生。
Innovation distinguishes between the leader and the follower.		领导者和跟随者的区别在于是否有创新能力。
If you wish to survive, you need to cultivate a strong mental attitude.		如果你想活着，你需要培养一种坚强的精神态度
Rudeness is merely the expression of fear. People fear they won't get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower.		粗鲁只是恐惧的表现。人们恐惧无法得到所期望的。最可怕的、不招人喜爱的人也只是需要被爱，那么他们便会像花儿般绽放。
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes.		要重视你的敌人，因为他们总是能第一个发现你的错误。
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.		天才等于百分之一的灵感加百分之九十九的汗水。
The three foundations of learning: seeing much, suffering much and studying much.		求学的三个基本条件：多观察，多吃苦，多研究。
When a man is wrapped up in himself, he makes a pretty little package.		一个只顾自己的人不足以成大器。
Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone,” he told me, “just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.		每当你觉得想要批评什么人的时候，你且要记着，这个世界上的人并非都具备你禀有的条件。
I know you'll never forgive me, and I don't blame you. I wouldn't forgive me either. I was ignorant and irresponsible and small-minded.		我知道，你永远都不会原谅我。我不怪你，换做我，我也不会原谅我自己。 我又无知，又不负责，心胸也十分狭窄。
People think the writer's imagination is always at work, that he's constantly inventing an endless supply of incidents and episodes; that he simply dreams up his stories out of thin air.		人们认为作家的想象力永不枯竭，所以他能够源源不断地创作出各种事件和情节，并且他们创作的故事仅仅是凭空而造的。
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.		永远记住：决心成功比任何一件事都重要。
It has done me good, because of the color of the wheat fields. Go and look again at the roses. You will understand now that yours is unique in all the world.		驯服对我是有好处的——因为麦田的颜色。再回头看那些玫瑰花吧！到时你就明白你的玫瑰花仍是举世无双的一朵花。
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.		这是我的一个秘密，一个再简单不过的秘密：一个人只有用心去看，才能看到真实。事情的真相仅凭肉眼是无法看穿的。
Every new day begins with possibilities. It's up to us to fill it with the things that move us toward progress and peace.		每一天都以无限的可能开始，我们本身决定着这一天是否进步或者安心。
If you are not in good control of time or cannot set priorities for different matters, what you do is surely to be rebated.		无法充分掌握时间、区别事情的缓急先后，你所做的一切都大打折扣
If time being of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.		如果时间是最宝贵的东西，浪费时间应该是最大的挥霍。
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure. 		成功没有秘诀。它源自充分的准备，努力地工作，来自从失败中汲取的教训。
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.		局限只存在于我们的大脑中。可是如果我们运用自己的想象力，就会获得无限的可能性。
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.		世上有些丰功伟绩之所以能缔造，是因为有些人不够“聪明”，不知道那些原是不可能的。
The future is simply infinite possibility waiting to happen. What it waits on is human imagination to crystallize its possibilities.		未来就是有待发生的可能性。它等待着人类的想象力将这些可能变成现实。
There are betrayals in war that are childlike compared with our human betrayals during peace.		战火硝烟中的背叛与我们在太平盛世中的背叛相较而言，就天真单纯得多了！
After the rain, the sun will reappear. There is life. After the pain, the joy will be here.		雨后必见太阳。这就是生活。正如痛苦过后必见快乐。
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.		生活没有目标，犹如航海没有罗盘。
Happiness is not about being immortal nor having food or rights in one's hand. It’s about having each tiny wish come true, or having something to eat when you are hungry or having someone's love when you need love.		幸福，不是长生不老，不是大鱼大肉，不是权倾朝野。幸福是能够实现每个小愿望，饿的时候有的吃，需要爱的时候有人爱。
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is below even defeat, and is born vanquished.		只有强者才懂得争斗；弱者甚至失败都不够资格，而是生来就是被征服的。
The failures and reverses which await men-and one after another sadden the brow of youth-add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do.		尽管失败和挫折等待着人们，一次次地夺走青春的容颜，但却给人生的前景增添了一份尊严，这是任何顺利的成功都不能做到的。
If you really love someone, the whole life will not be enough. You need time to know, to forgive and to love. All this needs a very big mind.		爱的次数不需多，只需真爱。真爱需要时间去经营，需要用心去了解，需要胸襟去包容。
The rain will stop, the night will end, the hurt will fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found.		雨会停，夜有终，伤会消。希望其实一直等待着我们去寻找。
Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly for them.		奇迹有时候是会发生的，但是你得为之拼命地努力。
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.		人生的目的在于服务他人、同情怜悯和乐于助人。
I think people just get frustrated without harsh, life can be. So they're spending their time dwelling on that frustration we calling it anger. keep their eyes shut to the wholeness of the situation.		我觉得有些人只对生活的艰苦灰心丧气，因此把时间都浪费在灰心丧气里，我们称之为愤怒，对事物的整体视而不见，对于所有能够成功的微小元素视而不见。
Good love makes you see the whole world from one person while bad love makes you abandon the whole world for one person.		好的爱情是你透过一个人看到全世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人放弃全世界。
And when they let you down,you get up off the ground. Cause morning rolls around. And it's another day of sun.		当人们令你失望，你更要勇往直前，因为早晨到来，又是阳光灿烂的一天。
Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort.		不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。
If there were less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.		如果世界上少一些同情，世界上也就会少一些麻烦。
What is the most resilient parasite? Bacteria? A virus? An intestinal worm? An idea.		最具有可塑性的寄生生物是什么？是细菌吗？是病毒吗？是肠虫吗？其实是人的想法。
Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness. And they live by what they hear. Such people become crazy, or they become legends.		有些人能清楚地听到自己内心深处的声音，并以此行事。这些人要么变成了疯子，要么成为传奇。
The things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect. 		失去的东西到最后总有办法回来的，尽管有时会出乎我们的意料。
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.		所有幸福的家庭都相似，而每个不幸的家庭各不同。
The truth is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.		真相是一种美丽又可怕的东西，需要格外谨慎地对待。
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. 		明白事理的人使自己适应世界;不明事理的人想使世界适应自己。
Don’t forget the things you once owned. Treasure the things you can’t get. Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.		曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them. Buildings burn, people die, but real love is forever.		如果我们所爱的人从我们身边被偷走，要使他们继续留在我们身边，就要记住他们。建筑会被焚毁，人会死去，而真爱永存。
Don't be sad! Because God sends hope in the most desperate moments. Don't forget, the heaviest rain comes out of the darkest clouds.		不要悲伤！因为上帝在最绝望的时刻给我们带来希望。不要忘记，最大的雨来自最黑暗的云。
The instinct of a man is to pursue everything that flies from him, and to fly from all that pursue him.		人的本能是追逐从他身边飞走的东西，却逃避追逐他的东西。
I was blessed to have you in my life. When I look back on these days, I’ll look and see your face. You were right there for me.		在我的生命中有你是多么幸运,当我回忆过去, 眼前就会浮现你的脸庞 ,你总会在那守候着我。 
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.		在这个世界上只有两种悲剧：一种是得不到自己想要的东西，另一种是得到了。
With jewelry dress up oneself, is inferior to equip themselves with knowledge.		用珠宝打扮自己，不如用知识充实自己。
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not.		痛苦的秘密在于有闲工夫担心自己是否幸福。
In education we are striving not to teach youth to make a living, but to make a life.		教育不是为了教会青年人谋生，而是教会他们创造生活。
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.		非常奇怪的是，这世上匹夫之勇非常常见，而道德上的勇气几乎没有。
Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal, there is no secure direction; without direction, there is no life.		理想是指路明灯。没有理想，就没有坚定的方向;没有方向，就没有生活。
We all live in the past. We take a minute to know someone, one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget someone.		我们每个人都生活在各自的过去中，人们会用一分钟的时间去认识一个人，用一小时的时间去喜欢一个人，再用一天的时间去爱上一个人，到最后呢，却要用一辈子的时间去忘记一个人。 
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been kindness, beauty and truth.		一些理想为我指引过道路，并不断给我新的勇气以面对人生的准则，也就是——真、善、美。
The important thing in life is to have a great aim and the determination to attain it.		人生重要的事情就是确定一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。
If a man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.		倾已所有追求知识，没有人能夺走它;向知识投资，收益最佳。
Histories make men wise; poems witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.		历史使人明智;诗词使人灵秀;数学使人周密;自然哲学使人深刻;伦理使人庄重;逻辑修辞学使人善辨。 
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.		要理解人生，需要向后看，但要更好地活着必须向前看。
The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation; the two keep in their downward tendency.		文学的衰落表明一个民族的衰落。这两者走下坡路的时间是齐头并进的。
Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.		只有有耐心圆满完成简单工作的人，才能够轻而易举地完成困难的事。
The world can be changed by man's endeavor, and that this endeavor can lead to something new and better. No man can sever the bonds that unite him to his society simply by averting his eyes.		人经过努力可以改变世界，这种努力可以使人类达到新的、更美好的境界。没有人仅凭闭目、不看社会现实就能割断自己与社会的联系。
If you put out your hands, you are a laborer; if you put out your hands and mind, you are a craftsperson; if you put out your hands, mind, heart and soul, you are an artist.		如果你用双手工作，你是一个劳力；如果你用双手和头脑工作，你是一个工匠；如果你用双手和头脑工作，并且全身投入，你就是一个艺术家。
When an end is lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means to it are also lawful and obligatory. 		如果一个目的是正当而必须做的，则达到这个目的的必要手段也是正当而必须采取的。
We often hear of people breaking down from overwork, but in nine cases out of ten they are really suffering from worry or anxiety.		我们常听人说，人们因为工作过度而垮下来，但是实际上十有八九是因为饱受担忧或焦虑的折磨。
Ordinary people merely think how they shall spend their time; a man of talent tries to use it. 		普通人只想到如何度过时间，有才能的人设法利用时间。 
Every new day begins with possibilities. It’s up to us to fill it with the things that move us toward progress and peace.		每一天的开始都带来各种新的可能。能否在每一天都做一些让我们走向进步与和平的事情，这都由我们决定。
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. Let us move forward with strong and active		今天的怀疑是对明日成就的唯一限制，让我们怀着坚定和积极的信念面对吧。
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus.		一如阳光必须聚焦方能生热，要全神贯注方能完成当下的工作。
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.		天生我材必有用。若只有声音最悦耳的鸟儿在歌唱，树林该多沉寂。
Begin challeging your own assumptions. Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in.		挑战自己的认知。你的认知是你观望世界的窗；不时擦拭，光线才能穿透。
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.		掌握智慧的重点在于学会选择性地忽视。
A ship in port is safe, but that’s not what ships are built for. Sail out to sea and do new things.		停在港湾里的船是最安全的，但安全不是船追求的目标。扬帆远航，去开创新的事业吧。
The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.		有一种东西不能遵循从众原则,那就是人的良心。
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.		我们最值得自豪的不在于从不跌倒，而在于每次跌倒之后都爬的起来。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.		没有播种，何来收获；没有辛劳，何来成功；没有磨难，何来荣耀；没有挫折，何来辉煌。
Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit, and you reap a character. Sow a character, and you reap a destiny.		行为发展成习惯，习惯发展成为性格，性格伴随人的一生。
Weep no more, no sigh, nor groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone.		别哭泣，别叹息，别呻吟；悲伤唤不回流逝的时光。
Our life is frittered away by detail, simplify it, simplify it.		我们的生活都被琐事浪费掉了，简单点，简单点。
Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.		只有经历尝试与磨难，灵魂才能坚强，视野才会清晰，才能激起雄心，获取胜利。 
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.		如果你认为自己行，你就一定行。如果你认为自己不行，那你是对的。
A sincere smile is the most beautiful expression.		真诚的笑脸是人世间最美的表情。
Content and riches seldom meet together. Riches take thou, contentment I had rather.		财富与满足很少能同时拥有。拿走财富吧，我宁愿只要满足。
Only a person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.		只有对自己有信心的人才会对他人守信。 
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.		衡量一个人的根本标准不是看他在安逸便利时所采取的立场， 而是看他在面临挑战和争论时所持有的立场。
The young always have the same problem: how to rebel and conform at the same time. They have now solved this by defying their parents and copying one another.		年轻人都会受到同一个问题的困扰：怎样在反抗的同时又保持顺从。这个问题现在得到了解决，他们在反抗父母，同时又相互模仿。 
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.		当遗憾替代梦想的时候，人开始变老。
Men are like wine: some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.		人如酒：有些会转变成醋，但出类拔萃者会随着年月增长而日渐香醇。
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.		我们要尽可能为生活增加一些东西，而不是从中索取什么。
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.		教育不是注满一桶水，而是点燃一把火。
Let the dead have the immortality of fame, but the living the immortality of love.		让逝者拥有不朽的荣誉，让生者拥有不朽的爱情。
Fight for your opinions, but do not believe that they contain the whole truth or the only truth.		为你自己的观点辩护吧，但不要相信它们会包含全部的真理或唯一的真相。
Friendship is both a source of pleasure and a component of good health.		友谊既是快乐之源泉，又是健康之要素。
Laziness is like a lock, which bolts you out of the storehouse of information and makes you an intellectual starveling.		懒惰就像一把锁，锁住了知识的仓库，使你的智力变得匮乏。
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is to take a complete rest.		有时候你能做的最紧急重要的事情就是彻底休息。
Truth needs no color; beauty, no pencil.		真理不需色彩，美丽不需涂饰。
Money can cure hunger, it cannot cure unhappiness. Food can satisfy the appetite, but not the soul.		金钱可以充饥，但不能治愈不幸。食物可以饱腹，但却不能满足灵魂的需求。
Not ignorance, but the ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.		不是无知本身，而是对无知的无知，才是知识的死亡。
Nothing is more dangerous than discontinued labor.		没有什么比半途而废更危险。
To choose time is to save time.		把握时间就是节约时间。
No other misfortune can be compared with the loss of time.		任何一种不幸都无法与时间的失去相比。
You can never plan the future by the past.		永远也不能依照过去来计划将来。
Time is a versatile performer. It flies, marches on, heals all wounds, runs out and will tell.		时间是个多才多艺的表演者。它能展翅飞翔，能阔步前进，能治愈创伤，能消逝而去，也能揭示真相。
Death is no more than passing from one room into another.		死亡只不过是从一个房间进入另一个房间。
Important principles may and must be flexible.		重要的原则能够也必须是灵活的。
That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to the pertinent answer.		科学的本质是：问一个不恰当的问题，于是走上了通往恰当答案的路。
When we sighing for the loss of our past youth, which will return no more, let us reflect that decrepitude will come. 		当我们为一去不复返的青春叹息时，我们应该考虑将来的衰老。
Ten men banded together in love can do what ten thousand separately would fail in.		以爱心聚在一起的十个人能够完成一万个分散的人做不到的事情。
Imagination is not to be divorced from the facts.		想象不应该脱离现实。
There are two sides to every story, at least.		每个故事都可以从两个方面看，至少两个方面。
Love alone can release the power of the atom, so it will work for man and not against him.		只有爱才能使原子的力量造福人类，而非危害人类。
Scientific knowledge aims at being wholly impersonal.		科学知识要求完全不受个人感情的影响。
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.		生活中没有可怕的东西，只有应去了解的东西。
Truth is beautiful. Without doubt, and so are lies.		真理是美的；毫无疑问，谎言也是如此。
Growing old is not upsetting; being perceived as old is.		越来越老并不可怕，可怕的是让人觉得越来越老。
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now always.		真理没有自己特定的时间段。它的时间永远是现在。
True science teaches, above all, to doubt and be ignorant.		真正的科学首先教人怀疑和知道自己无知。 
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you get rid of him on the weekends.		给他一条鱼，你可以喂他一天；教他钓鱼，他周末就不会再来缠你了。
To believe with certainty, we must begin with doubting.		要完全相信，我们首先得怀疑。
Even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.		即使是最疲惫的河流，历经曲折，也终会安然入海。
Halloween gives you permission to be silly, to be terrifying, to be weird, and in fact it rewards you for it.		万圣节这天，你可以尽情享受，或荒唐可笑，或令人害怕，或举止古怪，而你从中也会受益良多。
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.		我不缅怀过去的历史，而致力于未来的梦想。
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.		不要为成功而努力，要为做一个有价值的人而努力。
What I've learned here is that if you believe in the long term, your day eventually arrives.		我所学到的是，如果你相信看长远，属于你的那一天终究会来临。
Winter Begins arrives on November 7 or November 8 each year. At this time of the year, some rivers in China start to freeze.		“立冬”节气，在每年的11月7日或8日。每年的这个时候，中国的河流开始结冰。
Spend each day trying to be a little wiser than you were when you woke up.		每天试着让自己比早上起床时更有智慧一点。
If you've got a talent, protect it.		如果你有某种天份，保护好它。
Few things are impossible in themselves, and it is often for want of will, rather than of means, that man fails to succeed.		事情很少是不可能的；人们之所以不成功，与其说是条件不够，不如说是决心不够。
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.		喜欢或不喜欢同样的事，这决定友谊是否坚固。
Cease to struggle and you cease to live.		停止奋斗，你就停止了生活。
People of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.		有成就的人显少等着让事情在他们身上发生，他们出门造就事情的发生。
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.		一次痛苦的经验抵得上无数次的警告。
That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence - hard work.		我渡过没自信那困难时刻的方法是：努力。
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.		做事绝不要感到害怕，如果它是对的。
When you are convinced that your cause is right, have the courage to take a stand.		当你相信自己的理由是正当的，就要有勇气守住立场。
If you have great talents, industry will improve them; if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.		如果你很有天赋，勤勉会使其更加完善；如果你能力一般，勤勉会补足其缺陷。
The man who has made up his mind to win will never say impossible.		下决心取得胜利的人绝不会说“不可能”。
The more things you do, the more you can do.		做的愈多，你会做的就愈多。
We don't want to tell our dreams. We want to show them.		我们不用说出自己的梦想，我们只要秀出它们。
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.		科学是井然有序的知识，智慧是井然有序的生活。
Be careful how you judge people, most of all friends. You don't sum up a man's life in one moment.		小心你怎么评断他人，特别是朋友。你不能片刻间总结一个人的人生。
Confidence is contagious. So is a lack of confidence.		自信是会传染的，缺乏自信也是。
I will be responsible for my fate. I will not be a burden to anyone.		我自己的命我自己扛，不连累别人！
Life is but the shipwreck of our plans.		人生不过是计划赶不上变化。
At some point, you got to decide for yourself who you're going to be—can't let nobody make that decision for you.		在某些时刻，你得自己决定要成为什么样的人，不能让别人帮你做决定。
Hope is a good thing and maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.		希望是美好的，也许是人间至善，而美好的事物永不消逝。
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.		成功一番事业的唯一途径是热爱自己的事业，如果你还没找到的话，继续寻找，不要屈就。
Do all you can to survive, because life is never something you live only for yourself.		为了活下来，要拼尽全力，生命本就不仅仅是为你自己。
Medalist don't grow on trees， you have to nurture them with love, with hard work, with dedication.		金牌选手不会从天而降，你必须用热爱、刻苦和投入来浇灌他们。
I guess it comes down to a simple choice:get busy living or get busy dying...		生命可以归结为一种简单的选择：要么忙于生存，要么赶着去死。
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. 		生活就像故事一样：不在乎长短，而在于质量，这才是最重要的。
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved		生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass		生活没有目标就像航海没有指南针。
Every man dies, not every man really lives. 		每个人都会死去,但不是每个人都真正活过。
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.		昨日之日不可留，明日之日未可知，今日之日胜礼物
Life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.		生命就像一盒巧克力，你永远无法知道下一个是什么味道的。
Being genius is not enough, it takes courage to change people's hearts.		成为天才是不够的，改变人们的想法更需要勇气。
Popularity is the slutty little cousin of prestige, my friend.		声望与威信形影不离。
In all that sprawling city, there was everything except an end.		连绵不绝的城市，什么都有，可唯独没有尽头。
Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance.		世界上所有的生命都在微妙的平衡中生存。
Work hard!Work will save you. Work is the only thing that will see you through this.		努力工作!工作能拯救你。埋头苦干可令你忘记痛楚。
A little chance encounter could be the one you've waited for.		一次小小的偶遇，可能就是你期盼已久的邂逅。
The important thing in life is to have a great aim , and the determination to attain it.		人生重要的事情就是确定一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are， it is our choices.		决定我们成为什么样人的，不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
We're all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.		身在井隅，心向璀璨。
This path has been placed before you. The choice is yours alone.		路就在你脚下，你自己决定。
All happy families are happy alike, all unhappy families are unhappy in their own way.		幸福的家庭总是相似的，而不幸的家庭则各有各的不幸。
